u_id,review
! 임홍일,It's the best.
#,"The house of Choi Jin was fun and the cabin was not good. I think it's worth everyone's try! But after a few times, I can see some loopholes, which is a bit disappointing. Let's give them more time to play games, and I hope the story and evidence can be more realistic to make it solid!. The house of Choi Jin was fun and the cabin was not good. I think it's worth everyone's try! But after a few times, I can see some loopholes, which is a bit disappointing. Let's give them more time to play games, and I hope the story and evidence can be more realistic to make it solid!. It's my favorite board cafe. The price and coupons are also good. There are so many board games! I'm even more pleased that you explained it well! The only thing I regret is that coffee is not tasty, but there are many other inexpensive drinks, so I always use it:)"
"'핵, 토 파스칼 킥",There's a convenience store.
(...),It's the best.
(율준♡),"It's unfriendly, trashy and dirty. The rock hue coin karaoke next door is much better."
-,"Normal.. 0. The facilities are all right, LOL yeah, I don't care about it are not intent. lol ... what my lack of learning what where he was planning to ruin the president of them look like anyeodwae to colored hair.Acted as feces is just a mess of a mess ... I'm going to tell you to clean up if you have any. Go find real cash, don't worry about it. I'm in a bad mood."
-----,It's the best.. It's the best.
.,".. It's the worst. It's old and it smells so bad that it came out again. Smells like a cigarette.. I recommend going on weekdays. There are too many people on weekends.. It's fun~. The biggest disadvantage of not controlling the microphone is that the smell of iron is too strong. The coin door is transparent so I can see everything, but it's too close to the waiting seat.. That's nice. There are places that look like the Han River. It's good for a date. It's spacious and nice.. The escape room was fun and the boss was kind.. It was good because it was easy to find at the entrance of the subway. The food was cheap and the taste was good too.. The reason why I have a part-time job is because of cleaning and giving hints is because I'm so annoyed and annoyed to give hints, and even before I'm done, he said, ""No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's no room escape cafe in Daehak-ro anymore.. It's the best.. It's a very improbable story.. The boss is kind and there are many kinds of board games and drinks, so I think it's a fun place to play! It's like a room, so it's nice to be able to chat and play games comfortably. ☺️. Individual facilities are too old to press or it won't work, so don't tell me you can't do it because it's too difficult to choose one. I was sitting and waiting, but I saw people cursing that I couldn't do it if I hung up on them.LOL. It's neat, but...It's too expensive.. Ignore him as a student and don't take orders. He won't come back. an unkind and unkindness. The facility's clean, but the part-timer's so unkind that I feel bad.. It's the best. It's just for board games. The atmosphere feels like a board game club. LOL The price is cheap and the staff explains it well and there are many fun games.ᅲᅲ. It's a very improbable story.. Individual facilities are too old to press or it won't work, so don't tell me you can't do it because it's too difficult to choose one. I was sitting and waiting, but I saw people cursing that I couldn't do it if I hung up on them.LOL. Okay.. There are so many songs that I don't have. Especially, it's hard to upload a new song and it's uncomfortable if the microphone or remote control button is missing.. The reason why I have a part-time job is because of cleaning and giving hints is because I'm so annoyed and annoyed to give hints, and even before I'm done, he said, ""No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's no room escape cafe in Daehak-ro anymore.. Unkind and expensive.. Normal.. I don't like it.. I suddenly wanted to do it, so I was looking for it nearby, but I didn't expect it because there was no review here, but.. Recommendation!!. Ignore him as a student and don't take orders. He won't come back. an unkind and unkindness. (Milk) Anyway, the things you can't even bowl and can't spin with a bowling ball. It's ○○○.~I've never seen a bowling alley spinning around a bowling alley.Take care of yourself, and blame the oil.~~Sad things.쯧쯧. It's a little disappointing.. It's a very improbable story.. It's neat, but...It's too expensive.. The puppy is chic.... I wanted to give you a star.. It's fun~. I waited, but the female staff didn't even call my name and just deleted my name from the waiting list. He didn't say sorry, but he said he would put it in next time. It's really unkind. I don't want to waste a single star.. 0. Cono here has the best facilities and is clean!. There are so many songs that I don't have. Especially, it's hard to upload a new song and it's uncomfortable if the microphone or remote control button is missing.. .. The puppy is chic.... As soon as I went in, he said there were no seats left, so I asked him to leave, so I saw him muttering behind me so that I could hear everything. I just went in with my friends and made fun of them, and I just got upset. Despite the fact that there is no employee involvement due to the nature of the coin, the employee's discomfort has only increased. All four songs are the same for 1,000 won anyway, but I don't think we need to go all the way here. It was very disappointing.Folding. The food is delicious and kind, and the amount of books I have is the best. I want to go there.. What a mess, Mr. President. ○○○.. I went there because I wanted to play various games, but there are only a few kinds of games, and they don't really explain it, so I don't recommend it to anyone who wants to play board games. The smell of cigarettes is also bad.. It's the best.. I don't know about hygiene or kindness, but there's no limit to food and no time limit for seats, so it's like Merritt.. I recommend going on weekdays. There are too many people on weekends."
.!.!,"I heard you're going to drink a two-hour beverage, but you pay separately when you pay."
..,"It's really a room escape from a lock for a lock. The easier I can solve these unconvincing problems, the more I'm disappointed. It's a waste of money. Escape rooms are high quality. This place is one of the most sloppy places I've ever been to.. It's really a room escape from a lock for a lock. The easier I can solve these unconvincing problems, the more I'm disappointed. It's a waste of money. Escape rooms are high quality. This place is one of the most sloppy places I've ever been to.. It's really a room escape from a lock for a lock. The easier I can solve these unconvincing problems, the more I'm disappointed. It's a waste of money. Escape rooms are high quality. This place is one of the most sloppy places I've ever been to."
...,I like everything except kids talking~!. There is no menu such as fried rice. (as if it's gone since 2013). I don't like it.. I don't like it.
.형민,unkindness. unkindness
0,"I saw in the comments that I've been using it for about a year and a half, and he was kind every time I went. These days, they're telling me to wear a mask for Corona, but it's different because other customers who don't follow them make my eyes fatter and the male staff takes care of each one of them every day.Visit with more confidence. I'm always using it with gratitude. Thank you for remembering and taking care of the service often. Haha. Don't ever go, Mike. It was 20 years ago.. Don't ever go, Mike. It was 20 years ago."
00,"It's expensive, and the boss introduces us to the seats so we can keep them waiting, but if we don't ask first, we send people in as a horse. A place I don't want to go twice.. 500 won per song.. It was a shame that the first part of the Dragon Ball was torn.ᅲ"
001999,"/ staff / cats are very very keen to please the president well, I don't mind if you go.  There are many children (infants, elementary school students). Please refer to it."
0070,"If the employees don't pay, they'll be in a lot of trouble drinking."
01,"I haven't had a meal or snack anywhere else except here today, but my stomach keeps hurting. If I were the only one sick, they would say so, but they're sick, too."
0282,There was nothing special to do except shopping at Times Square. I'm so happy to have a place where I can enjoy all kinds of things at once. There's a lot to eat and it's clean and I enjoyed it so much.  I'll use it often!!. There was nothing special to do except shopping at Times Square. I'm so happy to have a place where I can enjoy all kinds of things at once. There's a lot to eat and it's clean and I enjoyed it so much.  I'll use it often!!
033,The boss? The staff is very upset. There are a lot of coin karaoke around here.
0419,You're gonna have to do some staff training. I was especially upset because I felt like I was bothering a female employee was annoying. I don't want to go again.. You're gonna have to do some staff training. I was especially upset because I felt like I was bothering a female employee was annoying. I don't want to go again.
09_행정_승현,"This is real trash.Especially the boss wasn't very human.If you refuse to pay by credit card, it may be illegal.He's asking the customer what they're going to do if they don't want me.I put up with it, but I won't let it go."
1,"0. I went with my friends, and maybe it's because it's newly opened, but there's a lot of fresh horses. It's fun! I strongly recommend it!. Employee's cheap.. Employee's cheap.. It's a waste of stars. I'm throwing a ball, and I'm telling you to move out of the way because I'm cleaning up, but you're unfriendly and I think you're only running a club. I don't think he cares about the general public. I've been trying to hit my shoes many times, but I'm so upset and I've only hit them once. It's cheap. I won't go again. absolute loo. 0"
11,0
11qaqa,A normal business from April 6th due to Corona.
121,Kindness.. Kindness.
1234,0. It's the best.. 0. It's the best.
12reo25,The cafe where I liked coffee.
150,The boss explains well and is kind.
2020년 화이팅!,Great~. It's the best.. Warm. a beautiful place. It's the best.
34번버스,"Unmanned, not well managed. Non-members discriminated against and only received cash under the theme of kiosk. After entering the song, the accompaniment is deducted."
3식2,The phone number of the Glomoa cartoon cafe is wrong. Call 02-852-7101. ^^
3점이평균값,The part-timers are playing games.
49,"The facilities have improved recently due to construction. But the lady who works, she's so unkind."
5점만점기준,Gwanak-gu Hip Hop PUB ONE TOP O.K.
686,"The downside is that you can only listen to board game descriptions on your computer. So when the guests manage the game themselves, it feels like the game itself is not well managed (such as a mix of cards or no dice), but it's okay because the unlimited fee is very cheap."
??,Good
@,0
@@,"I search on the map, but it doesn't come out if I search on the cartoon cafe here. There are a lot of changes in policy these days. Anyway, I saw a map and went to another comic cafe. I came here once. It's spacious and has a lot of seats. It's nice. I think I'll come again next time I come here."
@JLP,Acoustic Facility Quang
@dububrow,"I went to several cat cafes and it was the best. Looking at the gentle cats, the boss seems to care a lot. Thank you for a good time."
A,The price is the best! Food quality is good!!
AEYoo,"I don't know why the reviews are not good. I just saw it on the street, but the entrance fee was 6,000 won, which is cheaper than regular pet cafes, and the drinks were lower, and the raccoon were all cute.He won't notice even if he stays here for a long time! Thank you. :) There's a black cat.Haha"
AH,"I went there when the weekend was open, and I heard it was open at 10:30 p.m., and when I went there, there were no employees, and the employees who left were very unkind, so I felt bad. You're so blunt. I thought I did something wrong.. I went there when the weekend was open, and I heard it was open at 10:30 p.m., and when I went there, there were no employees, and the employees who left were very unkind, so I felt bad. You're so blunt. I thought I did something wrong."
APROJECT,It's cozy so it's good to read books and chat. It was amazing that there was a place like this in Hongdae.
ASTER,There's nothing to envy if you lie still on the mountain. :)
Aaron,"friendly staff Good estimate, never had a failed pin or stuck ball."
Adela.yunsun,"I've been here twice. I've been there twice.It's a good fit, you've just been dating your boyfriend, and then you're married to him.  I saw it from the director. I came back with my friend a few years later. It went well with me. I wasn't bad, but I was surprised that the reviews weren't as good as I thought."
Akira-Goro,"I used to go to a board school in Sillim-dong often, but there was no board game I was looking for, so I came here to see if it was here, and it was real... There were even more interesting games than that. The boss is good at recommending games. I counted the number of games during the break after playing a hard game and counting to 750."
Akong,"I couldn't help but leave these messages.I played a room escape game in Daehak-ro and I went there because it was fun. I lost 40,000 won. There's no probability of a story, so I'm like, ""Huh?'I came out feeling a lot of wonder.. I couldn't help but leave these messages.I played a room escape game in Daehak-ro and I went there because it was fun. I lost 40,000 won. There's no probability of a story, so I'm like, ""Huh?'I came out feeling a lot of wonder."
Alex KIM,The facilities are also pleasant and the boss is kind.
Alpiner,Okay.
Amanda013,"I went shopping with my friend and I was so tired that I rolled around in the cafe crane. My legs hurt because of the heels, but I rested and did shopping again.. I went shopping with my friend and I was so tired that I rolled around in the cafe crane. My legs hurt because of the heels, but I rested and did shopping again."
An,Alcatraz is so fun! I really enjoyed it with my friends! autumnal autumnal autumnal equinox
Andy,"It's 20,000 won per hour for four people. But you can see every nook and cranny of dust since you can't clean the floor.. I didn't do that until last year, but the smell in the comic book store was terrible. I went to the bathroom for 500 servings of fermented skate, and I couldn't breathe and do my business. I think the owner has changed, or I've given up my life."
Anh Bình,Small relaxation in the city center~
Ashley,"It's my first time playing Wii, and it's really fun. And internet, karaoke, watching movies...When I meet my friend, I always go to a cafe, but I fell in love with him because he wanted to try something else this time. The facilities are not bad and it tastes like popcorn."
Ashley♡,It's the best.
Auttaa,"If you have 0 stars, this is the bowling alley I want to give you. The approach is so slippery that if you step on it, you'll get five bumps on the knee. The bowling ball needs to be kept asking why it's getting caught, and the person next to it should be there to fix the fire while bowling.;;"
B,"It was very unkind whether it was an employee or a CEO, and the facilities were not as clean as they were at a chain store. Maybe it's because it's underground.I think we'd better use it somewhere else.. Good.. It's too loud and the equipment is all fucked up. There's no food, and it's not just a cafe, it's a space loan.. It's too loud and the equipment is all fucked up. There's no food, and it's not just a cafe, it's a space loan."
BB,"I used to go there often because it was cheap and time limitless, but as time went by, I got more and more unfriendly and I was annoyed and yelled at them to explain the game. I'll never go to a board game cafe again. Don't do business like that."
BOY,"It's not Seodaemun Station, it's a park next to Independence Gate Station.. It's not Seodaemun Station, it's a park next to Independence Gate Station."
Ba,0
Begbie,the president's insincere reception. No book at all. a comfortable seat
Benjamin,"Okay.. Okay.. Normal.. Okay.. If you lie down on a mat, it's heaven."
BlackBean,The price is higher than anywhere else.
Bon,It's a good place.
Bonobonoboi,"When you come here for the hookah or the pizza, you're gonna have a good time."
Brandon Ryu,Okay.
BrownEyes,"Not bad. It's perfect for resting, but it's such a simple space that there's nothing special to do. It's a short stop."
CHICHI,The owner is very rude and boring.. The owner is very rude and boring.
C__b,"Every time you come, it's always the same. It's tradition to be rude even if part-time jobs change."
Castalia_,"All the part-time? There's no such thing as a room escape device, and it's just a lock. It's a movie theme, but just a picture."
Charlie Jin,It's the best.
Charming-Park,"Don't go when you're angry, boss. Unusual personality."
Cheyoung,"It's fun to have fun while waiting like a club. It's fun to play basketball, darts, and games. There's only 6 lines, so if there's a lot of people, there's a long waiting time."
Choi Dong Sik,Okay.
Chris,It's the best.
Circleframe,"I often go out to play around, but I didn't like it here.. I used to go around a lot, but it was easy."
Clare,"The song's so loud, I have a headache.ᅮ The drink was delicious. The space is also pleasant. Please turn down the volume."
CrownCL,"The oil condition of the rail is not good and the pin is cheap, so it doesn't have enough cool taste. There's hardly more than 14 balls. See if you're looking for heavy balls.. The oil condition of the rail is not good and the pin is cheap, so it doesn't have enough cool taste. There's hardly more than 14 balls. See if you're looking for heavy balls."
D,"It was good.. The microphone is nice and nice, but it's too cold to sing for a long time in winter.  If you could heat it up."
D.S,"Part-timers are the worst.. Part-timers are the worst.. I saw the event outside, but it was already over, and if it was part-time job or president, it was very unkind, and I gave them feedback and they told me to check out? Please close the door."
DAAS,a place for healing. Make sure to eat ramen after opening the mat. It's better to go to the night market together.
DALDREAM,It hasn't been long since it opened. It's clean and nice. But there's a little cigarette smell in the space.
DH,"It's okay, but... haha. Chocobanana.. It's okay, but... haha. Chocobanana."
DJO,The facilities are clean and the elephant-like boss is kind.
DK,0. 0
Dahye Cho,"No problem with the sound system. But the 12th room machine was paying me, so I wanted to get a refund from the part-timer, but no one was there. I played in room 10 for an hour, but there was no part-timer when I left. Eventually, I didn't get a refund... It's 1,000 won small, so I'm just leaving. I visited at 5:29 p.m. on May 9 and left at 6:36 p.m. Check out the CCTV."
Daisy 🌼,No logic. I'm hearing the answer. You're dumbfounded. I don't know what logic it is.. No logic. I'm hearing the answer. You're dumbfounded. I don't know what logic it is.
De Rossi,Mike's the worst
Dong hyeok,"It doesn't smell and is cheap, but it's delicious!"
EOS,It's the only favorite bar in Yeonnam-dong.
ES,"I don't know what to do. My cheeks are all scratched and my rails are crumpled, and I'm going to use Gambi Darvisham. Worst bowling alley"
Edward,"The staff members are so kind and there are so many devices. We're having fun.I've done room escape about 60 times, and this place is the best!"
Elastic{Han},It's the best.. It's the best.
Elle,"It is cute and has some things to see and drink in a tumbler.  But the bathroom is dirty!!!!!!! It's not really dirty, but people who are sensitive to cleanliness are shocked."
Em,Very Delicious Drinks. Very Delicious Drinks
Equity,a bad smell of tobacco Staff is kind.. a bad smell of tobacco Staff is kind.
Ethan Jaekwon LEE,"The space is so nice, but I think coffee is normal!!! If you're not sensitive to coffee, I recommend!!!"
Ever,Please protect the rabbit here. Please don't scare the rabbit who sleeps during the day. Please don't give me snacks or food. (Bunnies are herbivores)
Eyu,"My morning part-time job is so unkind. Everything's good, but I don't want to go because of the part-timers."
FRW,Okay.. I don't like it.. It's a little disappointing.. It's a little disappointing.
Flyingfi5h,"Massage Siwon~! Master, be kind!"
Friend,"It's cheap. Since there are a lot of discounts, it's good to choose according to the situation. The employees have a concept. He didn't even have Wi-Game CD before, so I made a suggestion and he bought it right after. Good. I had a great time."
GIANT,"I can't believe there was a place like this in Times Square in Seoul...! There are many things to play such as bowling alley, archery, and pocket ball. I had a great time on the date because I could enjoy it in one place without having to go around.^^. I can't believe there was a place like this in Times Square in Seoul...! There are many things to play such as bowling alley, archery, and pocket ball. I had a great time on the date because I could enjoy it in one place without having to go around.^^"
G_mono,gross unkindness I don't want to go
Geo,"I didn't know you were here, so I went to pay for the water, and you're going to be a mess. Yeah, that's good enough, but you're gonna get paid for it's okay. Are you kidding me? I came here to sing and got cursed at. I'm so upset that I can't come. I've been here two or three times a week. I'm going to take out a tattoo parvilla."
Germin,"The escape room itself is full of stories, interiors, and quizzes. But all the people who work are so rude and unkind that they will never come back."
Gilhyun Ko,I don't like it because it's so stylish.
Glenlee,"I can drink beer comfortably.  Of course, food is the best."
Goodtoseeu,a simple and comfortable place. a simple and comfortable place
Google,"It was cold, so I didn't have to worry about it. It was fun.. It was cold, so I didn't have to worry about it. It was fun."
H,"I love it, I want to live near here!  I don't think so, so I should go there often:-) In Korea, this place is like this! Good to go with a child:) a sand playground. Deer. Butterfly garden. insect museum. Why didn't I think of coming in; a perfect park in the city! I want to live on foot. :-)"
HEEWON YU,"It's so nice to be able to do many things together.~ I got tired from the massage chair and read my favorite comic book and had a good healing time.  Since you're with your dog, I'll have to bring my dog next time."
HEYBUE,There's no rebuttal to the best acoustics and facilities around here. The boss is kind and has good hygiene management.. There's no rebuttal to the best acoustics and facilities around here. The boss is kind and has good hygiene management.
HG,"There are so many games, so time flies! It's kind and inexpensive! Recommendation course for friends or couples"
HGOS,"The facilities are clean, the sound is good, and the price is very low!!Five songs for 1,000 won!In addition, the boss is very very very kind.ᅲᅲ If you don't have cash, you can change it to an account transfer.Please come here!"
HHH,"It was the worst. It's such a waste of money. First of all, the room is small and the facilities are not good."
HK,0
HY,I like it because I can have fun with my friends when I am bored. ^^
HY LIM,It was clean and kind. And there were many kinds of board games and explanations were kind.
Hana,The boss is kind and the coffee is so delicious. Grapefruit-ade was the best thing I've ever had since it was dipped in a hand-made dish.  I like it because there are so many pretty cat items. I'll go there often because I'm near my house!
Harin Harry Lee,"I'm a little sad about the probability, the story, the decorations.. I'm a little sad about the probability, the story, the decorations."
Hello,It's the best.. It's the best.
Heyman,The five super fun cartels escaped with five minutes left.. The five super fun cartels escaped with five minutes left.
Hoon,"I think I go here with my girlfriend once a month. I like this place because it has the cleanest facilities and a lot of food!. I've been dating my girlfriend for more than 4 years and it's too much like Bangkok. I searched for a unique date and heard that room escape was fun. Oh, my. If I had known it was this thrilling and fun, I would have gone out on dates more often...lol lol lol It was really fun! I will come again next week!. I think I go here with my girlfriend once a month. I like this place because it has the cleanest facilities and a lot of food!. I sometimes go to a room escape cafe with my girlfriend, and I think this place has the cleanest and best facilities. Room escape is always new and fun."
HyeSunYoo,It's the best.
Hyun,"It says ""Don't touch a lot of cats"" but there is no book...  I was looking at a cute cat and I was going to read a book, but I didn't have a book, so I just came out, and I couldn't keep my time.. It says ""Don't touch a lot of cats"" but there is no book...  I was looking at a cute cat and I was going to read a book, but I didn't have a book, so I just came out, and I couldn't keep my time."
Hyun56056,Byun Baek-hyun is the best.
I'm Darren,Is this bowling?
IIIllIllI,"landscaping, neighborhood commercial facilities"
Ieva (예바),It's the best.
Insu Kim,"Don't really go. Even though they were unkind, they were so unfriendly. We played two rounds and it was over 50,000 won. I'm going to watch negative reviews and play bowling at that time, but I didn't expect a huge service, so it's still bulky and I feel bad. Don't go."
Irons,Okay.
Isco,Cho Ah Yong
J,"It's kind, nice to go with friends, and the part-timers. I visit when I think of the mascot, Welsh Corgi Muru. Not the cutest thing in the world.. A good place to go when you want to see cats and cartoons! There's a lot of comic books, so I might be hanging around all day. The downside is that cat fur is everywhere, so if you wear black clothes, the cat mask is stuck.. Why did you come in at the end and explain it irritably? You're so mean! I'm not coming back!. 0. It's kind, nice to go with friends, and the part-timers. I visit when I think of the mascot, Welsh Corgi Muru. Not the cutest thing in the world.. I have some comic books with my brother.. Every time I go, she explains it to me, and I love it. They are very good at explaining and responding to us. ᅮ Escape room has no deterrent problem and is of good quality. If you escape, give me a bracelet!. I have some comic books with my brother.. The devices were fresh and fun in their own way, but they were not long after they were opened, and the number of employees was small and friendly, but the way they handled them was very uncomfortable to play the game. There were so many loose parts of the way we received hints that we needed to improve the way we presented hints and the way we handled them. I hope that the system method that affects basic game progress will be improved quickly even though the room escape price is not cheap.. Why did you come in at the end and explain it irritably? You're so mean! I'm not coming back!"
J.H,This is the company. It's not Nolstup's headquarters cartoon cafe.
JA,"The boss is so kind. I went because I suddenly felt sick, couldn't go home, and I wanted to lie down for an hour...I rested so well. I'm so grateful."
JAMMY,"I went with my friends as a group and the price of the extinct jeons was definitely high. I wonder if this is the case in Hongdae like. Well, I had a good time with my friends, and I'm satisfied because the service was good."
JB,It's the best.
JC,"If you don't want me to come out, don't come."
JH,Normal.
JL,"I'm in. Smells like a cigarette or a sewer. ᅮᅮEven if you move, you have to decide whether it smells like cigarettes or sewers ᅲ. I'm in. Smells like a cigarette or a sewer. ᅮᅮEven if you move, you have to decide whether it smells like cigarettes or sewers ᅲ"
JP,It's the best.
JS,0
JUPITER,It's the best.
JUYEON,I was reading comic books at the table because the waiting time got longer and they gave me snacks as a free gift!Thank you for your kindness.
JY,"The Suyu Wallpaper has a house of madness!!! It was a thrilling thriller genre, so I had a lot of fun.~~ It was good to have more games besides escape room games, and there are many other simple games, so I'm going to make it fun!!"
JYK용선생,It's wonderful to have such a wonderful park right next to Magok Byeoksan Mountain and Kumho Apartment.^^
Jack1,The air was clean and the atmosphere was nice.
Jade,The boss is kind and comfortable.
Jae-Gyung Ahn,It's the best.. It's the best.
Jaekeun Lee,"The staff is so kind. We have to go as a group, but we can't make a reservation because of the bowling alley. When we have a seat here, they let us know by phone and let us know. We were able to play right away. It's the best! The rails are not bad!"
James Cho,"Well, the staff was very kind, so I had a good first impression, but while I was talking to Mrs. Shawn, she was trying to teach me that cutting Doberman's ears and cutting the poodle's tail is not bad, and that's what it was originally like in England. (I don't understand why you're saying this all of a sudden.) And I also like to take care of street cats, but I also preached that I shouldn't take care of cats that were born and raised on the streets that I couldn't really communicate with, so I was dumbfounded by your philosophy. Folding"
Jane Doe,The atmosphere is great. You can apply for a song request. There is a pole. men's and women's restroom classification. Dart entertainment and simple board game tools are available.
Jang,Crazy as anywhere else.
Jasmine,The exterior was so pretty and the cocktail was so delicious!! There were so many things to play in a good atmosphere!!Haha
Jason,a heavy compulsion to order drinks No intention of revisiting
Jason (양재훈),"I went to a comic cafe with my children after a long time, and it was more comfortable and nice than I thought. I will go there often. Ramen is so delicious. Haha"
Jeremy,Maratang ᄑᄐᄎ Guobaorou ᄒ I will try Maraxianguo next time.
Jessica,Okay.
JiN,It's really nice and nice here.It's comfortable.
Jina,"Aside from the game, the boss is very unfriendly. I arrived before the reservation time, and he said it was very tingling, ""Put your stuff in,"" ""If you don't start now, you'll be late for the after-time, so I'll explain it roughly and start."" I'll be out of the room in half an hour.. Aside from the game, the boss is very unfriendly. I arrived before the reservation time, and he said it was very tingling, ""Put your stuff in,"" ""If you don't start now, you'll be late for the after-time, so I'll explain it roughly and start."" I'll be out of the room in half an hour."
Jino-진호,Good~! You'll find out when you go~!!!
Jinseul choi,"It's a quiet place, so it's quiet."
Jinsuk Kim,It is a cartoon cafe where the whole family can enjoy the weekend together.
Jiyeonish,The boss is kind and clean. game fun
Jjojo,"I liked it because it was clean and disinfected thoroughly, but I'm leaving a comment because it's like a horoscope terror level.  It was good to have so many books! There were many places in Hongdae that were not as good as this, but books were clean and well managed.. I liked it because it was clean and disinfected thoroughly, but I'm leaving a comment because it's like a horoscope terror level.  It was good to have so many books! There were many places in Hongdae that were not as good as this, but books were clean and well managed."
JkeM,"I couldn't solve it all, but at the end of the horror theme, the staff came and tried to surprise me, but I'm sorry I wasn't surprised. I'm sure the staff was embarrassed because you two were so expressionless... Go for it!. I couldn't solve it all, but at the end of the horror theme, the staff came and tried to surprise me, but I'm sorry I wasn't surprised. I'm sure the staff was embarrassed because you two were so expressionless... Go for it!. I visited this place a long time ago, but I suddenly wanted to play a board game, so I stopped by while wandering around. It felt like a gambling place, so I hesitated from the entrance, but the part-timer said it wasn't a weird place, so I remember going in. There were some old men who were playing cards hard, and they said they were smokers, and they showed me to a clean seat!"
John Park,The coffee tastes really good. Even the boss is kind. Hah!. The coffee tastes really good. Even the boss is kind. Hah!
Joseph Junghyun Kim,I don't want to play a fun new game. Feels like I'm rejected. A good place for your social development to escape hikikomori.
Jun,"Never go. No matter what you do, you're going to bounce up, strike, stop the machine, and it's a real waste of money.. Normal."
June Kim,"The room was fun, but did the part-timer rap the explanation?"
K.G,"There are a lot of board games and it's neat. It was uncomfortable because the games were not organized elsewhere, but I liked the fact that they were well organized and recommended by each person. Most of all, he explains the game well and he's good at it!"
KB이근미,"Wide fields, photo zones, everything."
KITT,Normal.
KJH,You explained the game well and the game was so diverse that I didn't know the time was passing. It was good because the atmosphere was bright!
KM,There's a lot of mike noise. The beep almost made me deaf...ᅮᅮ 듯 I won't go again...
Kai,It's the best.
Kate,"It's nice here. 5,000 won. Thank you for the service."
Kevin,Here it is...
Kid,Let's not add any political color to the World Cup cheering.
Kim JaeYeon,"...I thought rock bowling was far away, and it was glow-in-the-dark bowling.. ...I thought rock bowling was far away, and it was glow-in-the-dark bowling."
KimSoo,It's the best.
Kong,It's the best.. It's the best.
Kunal,"If you like board games, go and play! There's a variety of games, too!"
Kyu,The staff is unfriendly.
L,I like all the interior facilities. Can you clean up?Please also put liquid soap in the bathroom.ㅜㅜ. I like all the interior facilities. Can you clean up?Please also put liquid soap in the bathroom.ㅜㅜ. The locals just give you five stars...
LDK,"I think friends and lovers are all so good to visit!  I thought it was small because I saw only a little bit of the bowling alley, but it's really big inside. There are a lot of archery, billiards, darts, board games, and so many things to enjoy.^^ There were too many people, so I had some waiting time, but the staff were so kind that I could wait comfortably.  I really recommend it!!!!!!. I think friends and lovers are all so good to visit!  I thought it was small because I saw only a little bit of the bowling alley, but it's really big inside. There are a lot of archery, billiards, darts, board games, and so many things to enjoy.^^ There were too many people, so I had some waiting time, but the staff were so kind that I could wait comfortably.  I really recommend it!!!!!!"
LEE,"Perfect theme, perfect fun. That's enough."
LJ,"It's nice to see you being kind and comfortable!!. Kindness, cleanness, game variety, cheap price"
Laura,It's a nice little park and the play ground is Wizard of Oz the only thing I don't like about it is that it's completely saved and there's no grass.
Leedaewoon(대운 이),"I think it's new, but it's nice and kind compared to the nearby bowling alley."
Lindsay.Lim.Michaela,"Oh! If you get 100 points, you'll get a service and it'll be nice and pleasant:). Oh! If you get 100 points, you'll get a service and it'll be nice and pleasant:)"
Lo샷ve,"It's neat, cheap and nice. I like it better because it doesn't smell like cigarettes. Haha"
Lsw,"Skip it when two people go. There were so many customers on the weekend that I was so busy that I left seven tables empty for four people, but I left two people waiting for no seats, and three of them gave me seats right away.Hahaha. Skip it when two people go. There were so many customers on the weekend that I was so busy that I left seven tables empty for four people, but I left two people waiting for no seats, and three of them gave me seats right away.Hahaha"
Lucida,Okay.. Okay.. Okay.. Okay.
M,"The staff was so kind that they explained it well and recommended the level of difficulty and type of game that I wanted, so I could enjoy new games without any burden.  When you play a new game, please take a look at the rules and point out that you can't do this.  I think I will go there often in the future because the price of drinks and usage is low.. Convenience store is expensive and staff is not good"
MAMIMI,"It's good because there are so many delicious foods. Not only snacks, but there are many foods that you can actually eat, so I was very satisfied."
MANGo,"When I said I was going to make this, I was wondering what kind of park it was on the overpass. I went to Seoul Station and I saw it was pretty good. There were pianos everywhere, flowers and trees, mini ponds, and it was a pretty cool urban park."
MASA5,There are a lot of board games and you are kind. I think it's the best board game cafe I've ever been to.
MAY,hard and hard
MC_BIN,Normal.. Normal.
MINSU,Unkindness. Worst cost-effectiveness. cheer up
MIN⭐️,It's comfortable and easy to relax.
MJay Ko 고 민정,"good for a walk with a friend. Bicycling. I've always liked it if it wasn't for the weekend.. Relaxed. a good walking path for thinking. Cartoon. Escape from a Room. Walk, coffee and chatter.. Go to Daehangno and take a walk. a drizzling drive course. Cartoon. Yeonhui-dong Walk. Strolling. walkable"
MK,"I've been to a lot of other comic cafe chains, and I really didn't like being stuck in a small space. This place is spacious and has lots of books. The sofa bed is the most comfortable. I've been sleeping.. I've been to a lot of other comic cafe chains, and I really didn't like being stuck in a small space. This place is spacious and has lots of books. The sofa bed is the most comfortable. I've been sleeping.. I've been to a lot of other comic cafe chains, and I really didn't like being stuck in a small space. This place is spacious and has lots of books. The sofa bed is the most comfortable. I've been sleeping."
MK Lee,"Clean atmosphere, quiet and comfortable"
Marcellina,It's the best.
Mim,It's the best.
Min,"I really don't have many comic books. They're not organized enough to just put cheap books in a secondhand bookstore. It's not just the books, it's not the places where people sit. I asked for a clean-up, but I got a frown on my face, so I just gave him a blanket. At least alcohol sterilization was done in other forests, and at least the hair was pushed with a stone.. I really don't have many comic books. They're not organized enough to just put cheap books in a secondhand bookstore. It's not just the books, it's not the places where people sit. I asked for a clean-up, but I got a frown on my face, so I just gave him a blanket. At least alcohol sterilization was done in other forests, and at least the hair was pushed with a stone."
Minhyung,Cat
MoMo,There are a lot of pleasant and diverse board games. I like it!! We had a lot of fun!!! The Gangnam room cafe is only here!!!. There are a lot of pleasant and diverse board games. I like it!! We had a lot of fun!!! The Gangnam room cafe is only here!!!
Mori-AN,"I was so happy that the boss was so friendly and kind, and the staff laughed so hard that the atmosphere is very comfortable! You can use a room or a room, so it's good to have fun with friends. Recommendation!!!"
Moses,"The air is fresh and the sound is good because it is on the second floor. Oh, and it's good to be able to relax and sing comfortably."
Mr.Kim,"Old ladies and grandmothers here at the swimming pool don't have an answer. There's no such thing as a swimming pool manner, there's no level of lane occupation, and you have to take a cold shower in the early morning of the winter. There's no room for improvement."
Mr.Rhee,My Love Boramae Park
Ms. Ssong,Anju and alcohol are delicious. The quantity is not large and the price range is a bit high. I'm willing to revisit.
MyW,Rock bowling is the best. It has a lot of air conditioning and a good lounge. It's the best in terms of facilities. Rock bowling was really fun.
N,Don't use informal language because you look young. I feel bad. Don't you need to listen to me informally from the boss since I didn't come to visit other people' I don't think I'll go again after making a rough drink.
NAMU,Please change the bowling ball...ᅮ. I love it! Lots of books and delicious food.
NDB,I don't want to recommend it to women. It is a typical Korean man who explains cocktails without any other explanation.
NY,"It's Myeonmok-dong, so it's not close to the neighborhood, but I think it's the best place to go rock bowling!. It's Myeonmok-dong, so it's not close to the neighborhood, but I think it's the best place to go rock bowling!"
Nidhogg,"When you pay for bottled beer here, look at the menu in advance, calculate it, and make sure you match the bill. I paid 25,000 won for three bottles of beer, but when it came out later, I checked the menu, and it was worth 20,000 won...  It's been a while, and I don't have a receipt.  If a customer wants a drink, he'll rip you off, or he'll just leave saying that the counter part-timer doesn't pay for it's not enough.. When you pay for bottled beer here, look at the menu in advance, calculate it, and make sure you match the bill. I paid 25,000 won for three bottles of beer, but when it came out later, I checked the menu, and it was worth 20,000 won...  It's been a while, and I don't have a receipt.  If a customer wants a drink, he'll rip you off, or he'll just leave saying that the counter part-timer doesn't pay for it's not enough."
Noah,"The mop smells too bad on the microphone... I didn't feel good about the cover, but I caught a cold after I came back. Microbial mass microphone."
N지도피난민,"It was spacious and comfortable, but there were many types of games and the staff kindly explained the game and the price was good."
OHOO,"Karaoke... it's not a karaoke system, it's a computer Jilanet program. The video quality and sound are terrible. I don't know if this is because Wii hasn't done it somewhere else, but it's a perfect karaoke bar."
Ori,"It feels like I'm lying in the middle of the market! The room is not clean, so I went home and took a shower a hundred times! Do you wash blankets and pillows? And they're too narrow to even lay down! If the two of us go together, we'll decide the order and lie down! There is no variety of channels and movies to watch! Have fun~~~~~ Just this time!"
PJ,Game 7000 is too expensive.
Pablo,It's salted.
Patrick,0. 0
PhLOx,ᅩᅲᄒ. ᅲᄒᄒ. ᅩᅲᄒ. ᅲᄒᄒ
Praiser_정훈,"It's not big, but it's okay to hang out with friends. Student ID is a must!"
QYU,One point is enough.
R,This is the best place I've ever been.. Kind and cozy
Rho,hard and hard
Riders on the Storm.,It's a normal space. I don't understand the malicious comments.. It's a normal space. I don't understand the malicious comments.
Rokhee,It's kind and delicious.It's much better than an expensive hot pot restaurant.
Rom,"The facilities are so... I have nothing to say. You can't think of coin karaoke facilities these days. You can think of old arcade singing rooms. The sound is not soundproof, the sound is not soundproof, and the microphone is wired and the sound is not very good... I went to another coin karaoke at Sadang station, and it was like that there, too.. 0. 0"
Rsoe,I'm really upset to talk sarcastically about how you're not being so cheap.. I'm really upset to talk sarcastically about how you're not being so cheap.
S,It's the best.. I don't like it because the bathroom is too small to sit down and the gap between the tables is narrow.. It's the best.. I don't like it because the bathroom is too small to sit down and the gap between the tables is narrow.
S2봄봄봄,"I remember playing with my friend in kindergarten. It used to be called Neighborhood Park, but it changed."
SF_임명규,Okay.. Okay.. Normal.
SHJ,The karaoke machine's the latest version. I love it.
SIDe,Let's protect the grass! You are not allowed to enter except for dog babies in military uniforms and gas canisters.
SJWi,Okay.
SONO,The most cosy place in Gupabal where you can rest and dink.
SSun.,"This place where I spent a happy time with my people! It's pleasant and has a variety of books.. Take care of yourself and recommend a special room where you can go when you feel tight. It's good to have a leg massage machine.. I was craving makgeolli, and it's so delicious. The combination of squid and chestnut rice wine is...!! be happy in the world^^. Take care of yourself and recommend a special room where you can go when you feel tight. It's good to have a leg massage machine.. I like the variety of things to use, such as board cafe, comic book, massage chair, etc., which I visited 24 hours a day.^^ It would be the best if many people came!"
STOLZ,I like it because it's quiet.
Sad,I can't see if you've managed your props roughly.  아닌지 그리고 And I can't see if they're props or not.. I can't see if you've managed your props roughly.  아닌지 그리고 And I can't see if they're props or not.. I can't see if you've managed your props roughly.  아닌지 그리고 And I can't see if they're props or not.
Sally/juhyun,"It's the worst. The service, the facilities."
Sandie,"I like the facilities and comic books, but I don't want to come again because of a part-timer. When I asked the part-timer what he asked, he didn't answer and asked me again, I was really upset when he answered in a group that was arguing with me.. I like the facilities and comic books, but I don't want to come again because of a part-timer. When I asked the part-timer what he asked, he didn't answer and asked me again, I was really upset when he answered in a group that was arguing with me.. I like the facilities and comic books, but I don't want to come again because of a part-timer. When I asked the part-timer what he asked, he didn't answer and asked me again, I was really upset when he answered in a group that was arguing with me."
Sangmo,Normal.. Okay.
Sascha H,free cell phone charging at the solar.
Seon,Please modify the opening deadline on Naver.
Serah,I think the machine's better than the other branch.
Sergei,I agree with Sergey Haji. I agree with Sergey Haji
Sol,"Under the tree, I enjoy the cool breeze and warm up my calves."
Sora,I like it because it's neat.
Soundmaker K.,"Early morning discount is a discount, so you can't get services such as drinks (for users in other time zones), and you have to pay the original cost when you pay with cash only... I think you should have told me about the payment method and restricted use from the beginning.. Early morning discount is a discount, so you can't get services such as drinks (for users in other time zones), and you have to pay the original cost when you pay with cash only... I think you should have told me about the payment method and restricted use from the beginning."
Ss,"Part-timer comic book CEO Zero's annoying way of speaking and facial expressions. If you want to visit us, please go to another branch.. Part-timer comic book CEO Zero's annoying way of speaking and facial expressions. If you want to visit us, please go to another branch."
Stanislav,I went with my friends and laughed so hard that I barely survived.. I went with my friends and laughed so hard that I barely survived.
Su,It's so nice because it's nice and clean and has lots of comic books.. It's so nice because it's nice and clean and has lots of comic books.
Summer,Okay.
TAEK,"Sandwiches, they're all the best! It's a shame that we can meet a lot of bingsu next year. Good luck, beautiful lady.Haha"
TL,It's clean and nice. It's perfect for kids to sing.
Tak,"I went at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday, but it's not open. Please modify the open time information.. I went at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday, but it's not open. Please modify the open time information.. I went at 10:30 a.m. on Sunday, but it's not open. Please modify the open time information."
Th,"I didn't care about the dog, I didn't touch it, but I went to the bathroom and got bitten by the dog.. I didn't care about the dog, I didn't touch it, but I went to the bathroom and got bitten by the dog."
Tony,It's nice and cozy.
Trusta,"It won't be safe, but it's not bad."
Utd_Batistuta,hurray for the independence of Korea
VEnomonEY,It's just a clean cafe concept. There aren't enough books for cartoon enthusiasts. There are many cartoons that do not increase books rather than bunk beds.. It's just a clean cafe concept. There aren't enough books for cartoon enthusiasts. There are many cartoons that do not increase books rather than bunk beds.
WHY?,It's the best.
Will,I think it's the only coin karaoke in Mangwon-dong. I've been to Lee In-sil twice. It's a little uncomfortable to sing because the sound is reflected. I haven't been to the big room. It'll be better.
Woods,Weekend visit. It's more expensive than other bowling alley nearby and the rails aren't very satisfying.. Weekend visit. It's more expensive than other bowling alley nearby and the rails aren't very satisfying.
Woongs Lee,He's been comfortable. He's gone.
Y,"Pokemon Go Pokest Scared. Me. A lot.All. the space of homeless and pigeons. Clean and there are many kinds of games, so please teach me games very kindly. I will go there again."
Y.L,0
YMDR,I don't like it.
YS법률상담,I like rabbits.
YUJIN,It's the best.
Yakiku,It's freezing!
Yeong2,"There's this big park near the neighborhood that can heal your tired, boring daily life. It's great for kids to run around and take a walk, so it's great for jogging or walking a dog.. There's this big park near the neighborhood that can heal your tired, boring daily life. It's great for kids to run around and take a walk, so it's great for jogging or walking a dog."
Yesp,The atmosphere is so nice!!
Yuni Choi,How can a preschooler and an 18-year-old get the same amount? Did you know that Starfield opened a book cafe? ^^ Think about it.
Yut222,Normal.. Okay.. Okay.
ZhouHeng,seoul.parade
[CHAN],It's the best.
[Hypernomad]신종훈,A place to go if you need a quiet place urgently.
^-^,Facility clean. The lady with glasses was very kind.
^^,"It's the best.. Unkind, no play, no care, no heating, so children should wear socks and change their sleep.. It's the best."
^_^,A lot of new books. Good.
_Lou_,"It's close to Gongneung Station Exit 4.  To drink coffee.There were board games and cafes.It's pretty and crowded.It's not. It's good to talk about it. If you add 1,000 won.A coffee shot.Additional. It's possible. 1500 won. If you add, please.More. It's okay.. It's close to Gongneung Station Exit 4.  To drink coffee.There were board games and cafes.It's pretty and crowded.It's not. It's good to talk about it. If you add 1,000 won.A coffee shot.Additional. It's possible. 1500 won. If you add, please.More. It's okay."
___,"All the employees are kind. I feel good every time I go because you always treat me with a smile. It's clean and warm and the food is delicious, and it's good to go for healing."
aj-world,The interior was nice and it was so much fun!
aka DC,"It was the worst bowling alley I've ever been to. If you're going to go play ball, gg drink and if you're going to play roughly, it's okay to go. Watch out for my ball. The rain condition is 1 out of 10. And lastly, the picture light is meaningless."
alfoxllw,"I thought the service would be the same as Hongdae's Hue Cafe, but if the room is small and dirty, I thought it would be okay when I called to ask if Netflix is available, but when I asked again, I said I should enter my ID. I'm not going to go again."
alliwannado,"19.5 Nam Albaeng is blunt, unkind, unfriendly, expensive and time-limited. When I brought the drinks I had on time to the counter, they said, ""Two or three."". 19.5 Nam Albaeng is blunt, unkind, unfriendly, expensive and time-limited. When I brought the drinks I had on time to the counter, they said, ""Two or three."""
always,"It is impossible to proceed even though the devices are broken. The lock is broken. Even the owner couldn't solve the problem, so I used the cutter to lose money, but there was no apology and no compensation."
ando.Kumiko(yossy),It's so nice.
ann,I like the theme here. The facilities are cleaner than other facilities.. I like the theme here. The facilities are cleaner than other facilities.
anne,The boss is kind and the atmosphere is good.
ansunjung,I have a lot of cartoons to watch.
apple_00,It's the best way to take a walk.
ar,"It's more expensive than other places, and I'm wearing shoes after playing all the games, and I'm urging them to leave quickly."
assassa,"Badminton, basketball, and other sports equipment are good for simple exercise."
batoo2000,It's the best.
bcjhd,"Wow, this big bowling alley is clean and well-equipped, and I like it the best when it's divided into two bright and dark sides."
beHappy,I heard you went to Nowon Police Station for assault on Oh.w.m. who works at a bicycle rental shop. I'm sure there's someone in charge.. I heard you went to Nowon Police Station for assault on Oh.w.m. who works at a bicycle rental shop. I'm sure there's someone in charge.
bebeso,"I've always had a boring date, but it's kind of fresh and fascinating. I had so much fun.My girlfriend likes it more.I'll come often!. The story is interesting, so I'm really into it. Next time, I'm going to try a different version.. The story is interesting, so I'm really into it. Next time, I'm going to try a different version.. The story is interesting, so I'm really into it. Next time, I'm going to try a different version.. The story is interesting, so I'm really into it. Next time, I'm going to try a different version.. I've always had a boring date, but it's kind of fresh and fascinating. I had so much fun.My girlfriend likes it more.I'll come often!"
bee,"Kindness pay, boss is generous, this and that is a bargain. Make a lot of money and increase your store."
bein',It's the best.
bimmer,I feel safe again.
blessing2me,I often go to Gangnam station because of academy these days.I used it for the first time after reading the blog reviews.It's a cafe with rooms and a place where you can watch TV. It's amazing. There are endless refills of ice cream and waffles.Couples ^^. I often go to Gangnam station because of academy these days.I used it for the first time after reading the blog reviews.It's a cafe with rooms and a place where you can watch TV. It's amazing. There are endless refills of ice cream and waffles.Couples ^^
blue@,"Parking is not enough, so you can put it up at the National Museum of Korea and walk around. It used to be a golf course for the 8th U.S. Army, so the spacious lawn is impressive."
bongsama,"A lot of places are 1,000 won for 4 songs, but this is 3 songs. What's wrong?"
borland,"It's a small number of lanes, but it's okay. Kind of. He's kind."
chloe,"You can transfer money with an account when you're with an employee, and you're so kind!!! I like it~~~ I like everything except for the one that's not a wireless microphone. LOL"
choi,I don't like it.
cmtk,"It's the best.^^^6 floors are all over the place.It's European-style making streets and killing the view out of the window.Nice lane, too.^^"
csssssssi,It's the best.
dance,"As expected, it was fun!! I can't wait to do the other one!. Trust me on my neck! I've been waiting for him to graduate. Cartel was really my cup of tea! Real active! I liked the interior, too. I recommend it a lot.. Trust me on my neck! I've been waiting for him to graduate. Cartel was really my cup of tea! Real active! I liked the interior, too. I recommend it a lot."
david lee,"I usually come here often, but I don't like working with part-timers every time I come here. May 22nd, I'm waiting for two or three teams of day workers, and there's a lot of people waiting for me, so I'm not taking care of the waiters, and I'm using my cell phone.. I usually come here often, but I don't like working with part-timers every time I come here. May 22nd, I'm waiting for two or three teams of day workers, and there's a lot of people waiting for me, so I'm not taking care of the waiters, and I'm using my cell phone."
dawon,"It's a lot of service, and the facilities are clean.. It's neat and has a good sound quality."
deuxistt!!,"I saw the old boss there scolding the employees a lot, and they seem scared of him."
didnekw,"Bowling shop long-haired employee unkind, ungrateful, unable to play bowling."
disbw,"The board games are all broken, the comic books aren't two or three books, there's no explanation, there's no real fun, there's no real fun, there's nothing to be surprised about."
dk,Thank you for enjoying the first-beef pork belly! Soybean Paste Stew Good Good
dkdlqhro,What? Do you know everything under it? I've never seen such a sloppy place like this before. I'm surprised.
dkfhd0308,"There are so many types of games and they make it easy to understand the explanation, so it's easy to play games for the first time! And it's only 1,500 won per hour, so I like it because it's not too much to play for a long time.~~"
dkwiv,It's good for chatting because it's quiet even though it's Gangnam.. It's good for chatting because it's quiet even though it's Gangnam.
dmdmdnd,"A good place for a special date! Especially, I like a cold day and a hot day."
dndkdkf,You kindly told me the location of the comic book and it was nice to have a comfortable seat.
dododong,Where is the entrance to the park? Is it under construction?
ds2756,"I heard it was a park, so I came here to pick up a kid... LOL"
du_ub11,I went in the fall and the night view is so beautiful when the weather is nice. It's a great place to see the night view of Seoul. I want to go again next time. A place to recommend to anyone along with Namsan Mountain!
duri,The boss is very kind. It's love.. The boss is very kind. It's love.
ej,Like a secret hideout. Good. Ramen place.
elly,"The staff are kind, but there's no book I've ever been to. I really don't have anything to see."
eodeoddl,"I love the atmosphere. The employees are handsome and kind.. I went to Itaewon and Gangnam because it was a smashing ball chain, and Hongdae is also good. First, I really like the welcome drink service and the song is my style.. It looked small on the outside, but when I went inside, it was so wide that I was surprised.  Nice atmosphere.. Kind of. Have fun.. It was kind and the atmosphere was good. I had a good time."
erin,"Master totally unkind,......"
es,Okay.
eww,"I ordered a mild flavor, but it's too salty and sweet, so I get sick of it quickly. If I was embarrassed because the noodles were not balanced with the chicken, the noodles were very strong and the chicken was bland."
fbxhh,The cushions and cushions are so unsanitary and the staff is so unkind that I don't think I'll ever go again. There are not many kinds of movies.
fff,Thank you.
fjhndklhvnkl,"I went to Smashing Ball for a get-together and it was a great experience. Bowling shoes were also a wingtip; I was surprised; I was satisfied with the quality and the staff's service.LOL. I went to Itaewon with my friends for the first time in a while. I went there after a review and the rain condition was so good.The service was good for our staff. Especially the signature menu, Smashing Bee, was good."
flower,Normal.. Okay.. Okay.. Okay.. Okay.. Suripul Park 'Geungsan-ro'. Okay.
fugu,"Fresh and clean. There is also a large room, so it would be good to go with a large family or friends."
ggg,She's so unkind that I'm never going to go again. It's my first time at a cafe without consideration. The song's loud and he keeps an eye on me.It was uncomfortable.
gmlsql99,"The facilities are good, but the manager's mind, such as the counter, is not good."
gogi,"I love DJing, which is hosted on Friday and Saturday at a pepperoni pizza restaurant."
gooooooood,Smells like.... Smells like...
guke,"The male staff is very unfriendly, sitting on the cushion, dirty, uncomfortable, and I've been in a bad mood all day because of course. I'm really not going again. Service is zero."
h,"There was a female part-timer, but she didn't ask me how many people there were and didn't explain the price. I asked him to explain the game, and he said he didn't have anyone to explain it to me. In the hall, six to seven part-timers came and talked with them, and when I went to pay, they were playing poker. It's really not good, just the outside. The drinks are too bad for the price."
h_y.96,"I don't want to waste a single star. It's standard that the Internet specification is Windows XP, so it's too slow, and I don't have much games, so I feel like I've lost my money."
hans,"It was comfortable because the popular comics were written in the rankings. There are three cats. They were so cute. I enjoyed reading comic books in a comfortable space.The boss is kind, too.^^"
hb,"It's good to take a walk if you happen to come around here when you happen to find it on your way to Chungmuro Station. It is good for foreigners to see and there are many things to experience Korean culture. It's under construction now, but I think it'll be prettier when it's finished. There weren't many people during the day on weekdays.. It's good to take a walk if you happen to come around here when you happen to find it on your way to Chungmuro Station. It is good for foreigners to see and there are many things to experience Korean culture. It's under construction now, but I think it'll be prettier when it's finished. There weren't many people during the day on weekdays."
heeya7158,"Clean, friendly, cool and I had a lot of fun. I love it."
here is paradise,"If the price of the food court is a little lower, it would be great."
heybiblelee,"Don't go. This is a real company. Go somewhere else. No, what's the picture?"
hhh,It's the best. The best.. Anshiwon and not many kinds of comic books. I don't like it.. It's the best. The best.. Anshiwon and not many kinds of comic books. I don't like it.
hi,The owner is kind and has a lot of cartoons.. The owner is kind and has a lot of cartoons.
hj,I don't feel like I'm doing my part in the comic book store.  I don't have many books. The condition of the book is not so good.. I don't feel like I'm doing my part in the comic book store.  I don't have many books. The condition of the book is not so good.
hs,"There's nothing like a board game cafe when you play indoors. Especially, Jamsil has so little place to play, so I recommend this place.. There's nothing like a board game cafe when you play indoors. Especially, Jamsil has so little place to play, so I recommend this place."
hs🌴,It's a park with my name. Hahaha.
hye,"Real individuality. Never go. There are no guests waiting, but they're urging us to open the door and choose the song. I put in two thousand won, and I was there twenty-five minutes, and you've visited me three times.^^ The boss and part-timer look terrible and the service is the worst~ I want to give you zero stars, but it's a shame that there's only one.^^. Real individuality. Never go. There are no guests waiting, but they're urging us to open the door and choose the song. I put in two thousand won, and I was there twenty-five minutes, and you've visited me three times.^^ The boss and part-timer look terrible and the service is the worst~ I want to give you zero stars, but it's a shame that there's only one.^^"
hyun,It's much better than the store next door. The boss is kind. There are many games. It's very clean and clean. Coffee and drinks are the best.. It's much better than the store next door. The boss is kind. There are many games. It's very clean and clean. Coffee and drinks are the best.
ijh,I think it's a good place to walk. It's especially nice to have a tower at the top.. I think it's a good place to walk. It's especially nice to have a tower at the top.
illusion,I wish you were kind.
imnamkung,"Come to Laputa where you want to have an exotic date in Cheonho-dong, friendship with friends, and love can bloom with lovers, and enjoy delicious tea, drinks, board games, puzzles, and see pretty Happy as a mascot. ^^"
inismm,"I was glad the boss was so kind, but... I'm afraid the female part-timer is a little cheap."
io,"It's all good, but every time I go bowling, there's no machine failure or bowling pin, and a few are missing, and it happens every time.. It's all good, but every time I go bowling, there's no machine failure or bowling pin, and a few are missing, and it happens every time."
j,"The only coin price in town is nice and easy.. It's a little disappointing.. Facilities and books are okay, but the boss is very unfriendly. He smiles and says hello and orders, but he doesn't answer properly. He looks sad and talks in a tight manner. I don't know if you're interested in doing business. I never want to visit because of my boss."
j.s.h,It's great for beginners because it's unlimited hints. And he's neat and he's kind. ^^. It's great for beginners because it's unlimited hints. And he's neat and he's kind. ^^
jade,"It was good that the staff were kind, and they recommended the cocktail that I wanted, so I ate it deliciously. I'm willing to revisit!"
jei8ht,Clean facilities and atmosphere
jeong,"I've never met a madman before, and now I'm talking down to him -- I'm going to fuck up with that kind of personality.. I've never met a madman before, and now I'm talking down to him -- I'm going to fuck up with that kind of personality."
jh,It's more delicious than I expected. I'm embarrassed.I think the book is a little less than anywhere else.. It's more delicious than I expected. I'm embarrassed.I think the book is a little less than anywhere else.
jhg,1. Better rain management than other bowling alleys.  2. The hostess is very young compared to the bowling alley. You can see people in various forms. 3. Location and parking are very convenient.
jiaobaba,Normal.
jisu,The part-timer is very unkind.
jj,It's the best.. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!. It's the best.
jjun,"It's a good place to remind you of old memories. You're very kind, and the price is good."
jk Han,Coffee and croissants are the best!
jmt,It's closed.. It's closed.. It's closed.
jsking,The boss is kind and the facilities are so clean.It's the best!!!
july,"I use the CU+ multi-room every time I go to Gangnam. These days, I use the 10,000 won product for 3 hours.  It's 3,300 won per hour, so it's cheaper than anywhere else. You should try it when you come to Gangnam."
jun,Good
june,"Service failure, counter unkindness, lane and house ball not managed, never again lining up, rather go to Sinnonhyeon Station smashing ball Gangnam branch."
justice,It's nice and kind because it's not too crowded.
kR,"The female part-timer's not cheap, so she's giving me the rules... and I don't think she'll ever come back."
kaboom80,"The fee is very cheap, but the environment is the worst.It's hard to use the air for an hour because it's cloudy and stinky."
kang chang gil,"Maybe because it's near the office, I don't have another song for 1,000 won, except for 100 points.ᅲ"
keep on,That's thrilling!! I played with my friends and it was really fun. I had a lot of fun.^^. That's thrilling!! I played with my friends and it was really fun. I had a lot of fun.^^
keepgoing,Cartel and cloudy days were so much fun! And the memory...Thriller? That's too much.Congratulations on your graduation!. Bankrup and Kim Sun had so much fun! I'm looking forward to the upcoming Pimang and SOS!. Cartel and cloudy days were so much fun! And the memory...Thriller? That's too much.Congratulations on your graduation!
kfc매니아,It's a little disappointing.
kh,It's the best.
kh. k.s.,Okay.
kim,The facility is too old.  I can't take care of the rain. Just go to the nearby Cheonho bowling alley or Royal bowling alley.
kimhc,I've just been there and it's a small but friendly bowling alley.
kk345,"I went with my friends, and maybe it's because it's newly opened, but there's a lot of fresh horses. It's fun atelier! I strongly recommend it!"
kkk,"No book, no book.. No book, no book."
kkk007,"I'm so disappointed. It's not my old AP. If you're unfriendly, your service is terrible, and your old AP score is 95, you can't even give 10 points to the current AP."
kmj,"When I went in the evening, there were two female and male part-timers, both of whom were not cheap. I didn't know why I had to get sick of this money. That's why I felt bad from the beginning. If you want to enjoy the game, go somewhere else."
ksh,the birthplace of the March 1 Independence Movement
kw,"It's not a board game cafe, it's a casino game place. Most of you play casino games and board games are very few. I regret thinking of a normal board game cafe. It's a perfect place for a casino game. The drink is delicious. I thought it was board game caffeine, but I was disappointed."
kyet,"I've been to five or six room escapees so far, and there were the freshest ones among them. It gives five points to new, amazing, and novel elements rather than difficult puzzles or probability."
laura,"It was good to ride a bike and play.. The facility wasn't very good, but I got the highest score.. Warm room, table size, and many types of games are simply explained by category, so misugaru latte, which is easy to choose, is too watery and crumbly to be tasty, revisited doctor O. Warm room, table size, and many types of games are simply explained by category, so misugaru latte, which is easy to choose, is too watery and crumbly to be tasty, revisited doctor O. Bad hygiene, few board games, no drinks."
layleegyun,It's a fucking place for a guy.
ldldldld,"A strange family is sick and tired. I mean, there was a lock in the middle of it."
lee,It's on the third floor. It's pink. neatness
little prince,It's the best.
ll,"The best comic cafe I've ever been to.  There are a lot of books from old to new, and all the books I want to see are registered. And most of all, it's clean. The boss always sweeps and wipes, so there's no dust and the bathroom is clean.  It's good to see coffee and fritz coffee and snacks and drinks are clean."
lolyiu,"No balls, no facilities.The rail is too short. There's a lot of kids. Go somewhere cold."
lotkyu,"The boss is a little unkind and dry, but compared to other stores, there are a lot of fancy sets and cool gadgets, and there are a lot of fun things. And the part-timers are good at explaining the game, cool and pretty. ^^"
lovelyh,"A female employee is the most unfriendly one. She's annoying when I ask her, and she's annoying when she explains it's just... I don't know if it's because I want it to end soon. It's faster than the Outsider... I'm glad you're here to escape the room, and this guy is ruining my life.. A female employee is the most unfriendly one. She's annoying when I ask her, and she's annoying when she explains it's just... I don't know if it's because I want it to end soon. It's faster than the Outsider... I'm glad you're here to escape the room, and this guy is ruining my life."
lune,"I heard the sound of Mikey cracking my ears, so I couldn't find the owner for a while, so I just ran out because I didn't have time and I was so annoyed, but he's keeping his seat on the counter.. I heard the sound of Mikey cracking my ears, so I couldn't find the owner for a while, so I just ran out because I didn't have time and I was so annoyed, but he's keeping his seat on the counter."
m00m,It's a rare place like this.. It's a rare place like this.
malang,It's the best.
marumongi,It's good for a walk and night view.
matzipchaza,It's the best.. It's the best.
max,"A cool karaoke room with no compensation or apology, even touching the customer's stuff that he called to pick up. I strongly recommend it.. A cool karaoke room with no compensation or apology, even touching the customer's stuff that he called to pick up. I strongly recommend it."
meeple,"1. There are many types. 2. Explain well. 3. The best conditions for board games because they are cheap. But it smells like cigarettes and the table is open, so it's too noisy. Especially the surprise of the toy hammer."
mh,"It's hard to go to a cafe in the back alley, but it's hard to park here and find it. I can't even go on a cafe date with my girlfriend. The food in the back is delicious.~~~~~haha. It's hard to go to a cafe in the back alley, but it's hard to park here and find it. I can't even go on a cafe date with my girlfriend. The food in the back is delicious.~~~~~haha"
mh♡sh,It's the best.
misia93,"A place I often visit to play board games!  It's been a long time since I've been there.   Agricola, Winners Circle, Las Vegas, and Tichu.   It wouldn't be bad if you asked me to recommend games to match the number of people who went with the initial visibility.    I got a recommendation from the owner, so I got to play famous games such as Powergrid and Abyss. There's a lot of guppy and other unusual marine life in the aquarium."
mk,"I visited for the first time after searching on the internet. It was sad because I missed the event period, but it was clean and quiet because people didn't know yet. Time is a little cheaper than anywhere else.. I visited for the first time after searching on the internet. It was sad because I missed the event period, but it was clean and quiet because people didn't know yet. Time is a little cheaper than anywhere else."
momoya,"The owner is so kind. The room is clean. There are so many kinds of books, and I'm searching for what I want to see, so he helped me find them. Haha. The owner is so kind. The room is clean. There are so many kinds of books, and I'm searching for what I want to see, so he helped me find them. Haha"
moohee,"This kitty room is so pretty. It was so hot that I was looking for a cool place, but I turned on the air conditioner, watched a movie, did the internet, and had a lot of fun with my friend. It's a discount since I took the Coco Poon. It's better.~~"
motive,"I took the kids. I don't know what it's about, but the building's old and the toilet stinks.Uh-huh. Lots of air fresheners in the waiting room for hygiene reasons.Other places like this?. I took the kids. I don't know what it's about, but the building's old and the toilet stinks.Uh-huh. Lots of air fresheners in the waiting room for hygiene reasons.Other places like this?. I took the kids. I don't know what it's about, but the building's old and the toilet stinks.Uh-huh. Lots of air fresheners in the waiting room for hygiene reasons.Other places like this?"
move_ju,"It was a nice karaoke that I used to go to quite often. One day, I had a problem so I asked the staff to solve it. I thought a gangster was picking a fight while someone who seemed like the boss was pointing a finger at the customer while playing a game. I could have asked you in a polite way, but I was dumbfounded by your attitude. It may have been easy because I look young, but I've never seen a merchant take such a attitude toward a customer.Folding"
mr,"Many people told me to join them because the lane was full and asked me how many more games I'm going to play, and they told me to go fast.. Many people told me to join them because the lane was full and asked me how many more games I'm going to play, and they told me to go fast."
munbal,"I once went out with my friends and I liked it because it was very clean and well-equipped.It would be better to call in advance because there are many customers.*^^*~~. This is the new bowling alley, Ira Facilities Complete Gut.*좋^* I love the lane, too.*^^*~. This is the new bowling alley, Ira Facilities Complete Gut.*좋^* I love the lane, too.*^^*~. I once went out with my friends and I liked it because it was very clean and well-equipped.It would be better to call in advance because there are many customers.*^^*~~"
nanana,I love it because it's quiet and clean! I had a good rest with delicious tea on a day I didn't want to be disturbed.. I love it because it's quiet and clean! I had a good rest with delicious tea on a day I didn't want to be disturbed.
narea,a cool and nice place. unkindness
navi,"First of all, if it were kimchi, chives, samgyeopsal, these three things should be fine, but samgyeopsal was so dry that it was so pickled that I couldn't use the chopsticks that were out of breath. I thought the sounds of the people who work were really throwing away the dishes and the sounds of the tray arrangement of the trays. If there's little music, I can fly like this, but the music is so loud that my head is ringing and there's this sound...To see more details"
neverhearts,Enjoy the show~~ Comfortable to be in front of the station.LOL
nickey,I attended a fan meeting with a child actor and it is a great place to discuss with him.  But the cafe latin is a big bath. ᅲᅲ
noname,The magpie coffee prince who sang with fantastic duo Kim Soo Hee!. The magpie coffee prince who sang with fantastic duo Kim Soo Hee!
nujay,Normal.
nuny,"The part-timer is too loud. It's usually quiet at the comic book store, so it's noisy for everyone else to read. Please refer to.... The part-timer is too loud. It's usually quiet at the comic book store, so it's noisy for everyone else to read. Please refer to..."
oOo,"There are only a few places that appear to be floor-specific pictures, and they are too small. Noraebang is hard to enter and comic book room is hard to call.. The first floor is the best..."
oasis,"15,000 won for a glass of beer. 4 players played a game of bowling. 100,000 won. The facilities are good, but it's too expensive."
occasion,under construction. under construction
octsky,"Above all, massage was luxurious and comfortable. The interior was nice."
ok,"It's nice that the bowling alley is clean and spacious, and I'm happy that I played the game well~~~~~ There's an archery field that I've only seen on TV. It's amazing and fun to try it for the first time. It's so nice to have a bowling alley in Times Square.   I'm going to play games with my friends. Next time, I'm going to hit strikes twice in a row. It's not easy.**. It's nice that the bowling alley is clean and spacious, and I'm happy that I played the game well~~~~~ There's an archery field that I've only seen on TV. It's amazing and fun to try it for the first time. It's so nice to have a bowling alley in Times Square.   I'm going to play games with my friends. Next time, I'm going to hit strikes twice in a row. It's not easy.**"
olive,It was great~~~:-) It's a reasonable price and a unique atmosphere:-)
outofmind,"Some games don't have many kinds of games that can or can't be explained, and they smell.. Some games don't have many kinds of games that can or can't be explained, and they smell."
p,"The taste is just as good, but the amount is more than I thought. 2019.1.4"
pH,It's not high. It's cool.. Okay.. View!
paragate,It's nice to have no parking lot. A 15-minute walk from Citizens' Forest Station.
park,"I can have fun until the lower grade of elementary school. Nice view, too."
perfumer,"I used to go there from time to time. I stopped by after a long time, and I was so glad to see so many comic books that weren'I'll be a regular customer of the owner who greets me with a smile even though I bother to find this and that whenever I'll be a regular customer.~~"
piazza,I think it would be better to transfer it to Seoul Forest or develop it without water.
quizzzzz,"I went to both Superboard 1st and 2nd stores in time for the opening of February 16th, but the doors were closed, so I went to other places."
raskoli,"This is the best part of the walkway that I like the most about this place, and it's important to teach my children from an early age, but there's a man who doesn't care about other people's inconvenience or danger.. I think the best policy was to keep bicycles out of the island."
ripnujabes,perfect for a business
rjstnrla,"Hello. The bowling alley on the 1st floor of the Daeryong Building has been changed to the 4th floor of the parking lot and the 12th lane lighting L.E.D., so the atmosphere is good.The Scua screen will also be treated as a large L.E.D. so that there is no inconvenience in using it.We always serve you as a family."
rlflqh,"I was with my boyfriend and he made a pretty ring! It's my first time, but I'm glad you taught me well."
roadrunner,Okay.
roi,real cufflase
rot,"I went to Naver review and ate the worst pizza in my life...It's like chewing on plastic, and pizza is also hot. 1mm of dough, 1mm of cheese, no cost-effectiveness of plastic cheese, just big size. E-Mart pizza, pizza school is 100 times better, beer is just..."
ryu,"I don't want to play bowling because the bowling ball and bowling alley are not in good condition and there are scratches everywhere. But the service for part-timers is not good, and they say we have to order drinks, but the cheapest drink is about 10,000 won. You have to get out of the game as if you're going to be kicked out. Who's going to play here if you're in business like this? You're going to rip off without knowing.To see more details"
s,"It's cozy, it's clean... It's a place where the boss is really good care of.. It's cozy, it's clean... It's a place where the boss is really good care of.. It's cozy, it's clean... It's a place where the boss is really good care of.. The boss is kind and explains it well.. It's cozy, it's clean... It's a place where the boss is really good care of.. It's neat. There's a wireless microphone, a microphone cover, and you can pay with a card. It's spacious and comfortable, the bathroom is clean, and this is the only coin near my house."
sSsay,Have fun with your boyfriend all the time~!! Red Rock and shrimp gambas are the best!
sUNg jONg gEUn,It's the best.
sajacall82,"Is this a park? It's the cultural center's tennis court. I'm going to give you zero stars, but why do you keep telling me to choose? One star is a waste;"
saratoga,"Employee unfriendliness. Also, the first visit failed to use coupons (no such notice, no such word was given to the rest of the conversation)."
savewater,It's a waste of even a single star. The customer has to play the game while looking at the boss. Go to Samsung Leports nearby.
sbchoi,It's the best.. Memories made with family
scully35,It's the best.
sdfasd,"I want you to do your staff etiquette training properly. People who go with me often say why employees are so rude. Last time, I politely asked him if he could give me a ping pong paddle, and he shouted, ""Oh, I don't have one."" He thought he was busy and angry. He never leaves next time.LOL"
se,false advertising
seain,"Let's take care of our part-time jobs. The manager? I have two female part-timers, not a guy. They asked if we had any questions after we escaped. We came in early that day, and they said they were waiting for the next team to tell us quickly. He answered so quickly and pointed at me with his chin and hands, and he took pictures of the escape in three seconds and took them all.To see more details"
sherly,"Lots of clean and new games! There were a lot of people, so you finished explaining quickly."
shine,"a pitiful bowling alley where the counter staff, let alone kindness, exerts strength on the neck to the guests and overuses them."
shyeonh,Nice atmosphere.
sil,Old but glowing structures and beautiful green parks. Children's slides are designed in great harmony with the surrounding buildings! Don't forget to bring sand toys.
simplysimon30,"A Magic location to vision. Old massages chairs - smelly and some don't work. Awesome location!. The bowling alley is around but the manager or the supervisor seats clear of his staff. Last night we saw a team member being very much used by his supervisor on the bar - please concierge this time when deciding where to bowl bowling alley is cool, but the manager or supervisor obviously seems to abuse employees. Last night we saw a team member verbally abusing his boss at a bar. Please consider this when deciding where to put the bowl!Folding"
sjh,"This is the first time I've ever seen a place like this. Real weekend price: 13,000 won per person for 3 hours. What's self-bar?; Popcorn aloe pet drinks, everything in the room temperature that's not in the plastic bottle refrigerator, and it's best not to go to places like garbage after getting this expensive money."
skdpdua,"The bowling alley is very nice because it can be clean and clean.  But it seems that there are more and more restrictions on free-time use.  When I first used it, I could comfortably use the lane by myself even if I met someone I knew, so I could play it in proportion to time, but today I went to use the holiday free time and they restricted me from using the lane.  There were more than 10 lanes left in the 16th lane.  So go to the happy mommy~~~~The facilities are good."
sky,Uncontextually searching for a problem-solving room escape room. People who have been to the best places in stages may be dumbfounded.
sol,"It's neat and the staff is kind, maybe because it hasn't been long since it was made. I've been using it a lot lately. Two songs for 500 won and four songs for 1,000 won."
somsa,"It's so much fun~~ It's really good and I've been to Hongdae, and there are a lot of escape room cafes that don't clean up. The Maze was clean.The weather is cold these days, but there's nothing to do outside. It's a good place to hang out with your boyfriend.~~bbb :^). It's so much fun~~ It's really good and I've been to Hongdae, and there are a lot of escape room cafes that don't clean up. The Maze was clean.The weather is cold these days, but there's nothing to do outside. It's a good place to hang out with your boyfriend.~~bbb :^)"
sshdr,"Can't you give it lower than two points? The service is terrible.I don't know if you're cleaning the lane or not, and after rolling it once or twice, your hands are black and your balls are broken, but you don't take care of them.The facility's completely out of date. It's sunny.^^"
ssong,It's really the best.
ssoo,"What a waste of stars. Facilities are poor, unkind, and expensive. I won't go again."
ssu8972,The new facility is so nice. I strongly recommend a group club meeting.^^. The new facility is so nice. I strongly recommend a group club meeting.^^
ssun,"It was nice to be able to go without any time. The atmosphere is good and there are many things to enjoy, so time flies well.^^"
su22,I'm so sorry~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
swahn06,The facilities are clean and the sound is good.^^
syoooon,"I could understand the female part-timer's explanation right away. However, a man with glasses and short glasses... He was ticking when we came in, and he kept looking at his cell phone. If you don't want to work, quit. Everyone was kind except the part-timer."
s링,I think this table is too comfortable to play cards...I think the quiet space and kind-hearted CEO's service mind make the game players feel comfortable!!!
t,"It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the only place I've ever been to that it's open 24 hours a day and there are lots of seats on the 3rd and 4th floors. I like the food, too.. It's the best.. It's the best."
thshsys,It's good and pleasant. Smoking is a building rooftop is a disadvantage.
tjqlfkqslwk,"It's not a walk, it's a climb."
tkhsjr,Okay.. Normal.. Normal.. Okay.
tonoboss,The service is good and the food tastes good. I often visit a bar in Gangnam.
u,"Among the forests I've been to, you seem to clean up the most quaint and quiet. I hope you'll continue to do your best.. Among the forests I've been to, you seem to clean up the most quaint and quiet. I hope you'll continue to do your best."
uni,"Don't go. I wasted the first 10 minutes because I made a mistake setting the lock on the box. I thought I was doing something wrong, so I called the staff, and they left without apologizing, they didn't acknowledge my mistake and didn't want to give me a hint. Please train the female staff. generally unkind to others"
v,I think it's good to have unlimited beer and board cafes.
vluecat,"The only park nearby. It's a must for dogs, so there's a lot of dog poop.. glad to be out of the blue. I'm glad there's no one, but no one.. I'm glad there's no one, but no one."
vous,"I ate Carbonara here and had a stomachache. I thought it was just me, but the person who came with me also had a stomachache. I think there is a problem with the food."
warantonia,"Wow, I've never been there, but the interior and lighting are pretty. There's Hulk Stetch, bowling and taking pictures."
wind,"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh When I said I had to wait, I got more nervous and wanted to play.It's not fair to be bitten by Gambi, but...  I'm sorry to spill my drink, but thank you for being nice to me. I'll be back next time. It's been a while since I've had fun."
windaddy,I paid a lot of taxes... ...in the arms of the citizens.Give it back... ...
wo,There's nothing wrong with it. It's a good house!. It's the best.
wonwoo,"Wow, I wish there was a cartoon cafe in my neighborhood. I'm happy to have one.First of all, it's wide and the interior is clean. Americano is so delicious. I think I'll go there often."
wow,It's the best.. It's very similar to the park in Manhattan.. It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.. Why did you make it dangerous in-run entrance to Seongnam Airport?. It's the best.
ww,Consistently unkind and unmannered
x,Convenience store is well organized and convenient. No one is available on weekdays.
xx,"I love the sound system. The sound is the best in Hongje. If the whole door was opaque, it would have been better to do a coin karaoke alone. It's a shame. And since it's three songs for 1,000 won, it's expensive in the morning.It's good to be here until 2:30. It's the longest red coin karaoke."
xxxx,"It looks like a comic cafe, but it's actually a good restaurant."
yab,There are many other things to play besides bowling and the facilities of the bowling alley are nice. ^^. There are many other things to play besides bowling and the facilities of the bowling alley are nice. ^^
yangkikap,I don't want to go again because all the employees are unfriendly and Lane is rotten. I should have just gone to another bowling alley nearby.
yeah,The employees are so unkind.. The employees are so unkind.
yesyesyes-yes,"It's cold here in winter and hot in summer. If it's too cold or too wasteful, turn on the heating machine... It's very dry in winter. If you suggest it's dry... Nothing's changed. And after 11 o'clock, I'm an uninhabited person, but maybe it's because I have only one fingerprint, so I brought my friends from middle and high school and they're very loud. I can't concentrate at dawn... I'm actually worried about the security. I'm scared because there's a bathroom out there."
yisrael,"I go there often because there is a playground and some sports equipment. The playground is always crowded, maybe because it's a neighborhood with lots of babies.. I go there often because there is a playground and some sports equipment. The playground is always crowded, maybe because it's a neighborhood with lots of babies."
yj,"It's my first time writing a review, and I can't answer the phone number written on both rooms for the first time. It's just a review because it's a review."
yongjun kim,"The bowling alley is spacious and only those who can laugh even if the boss curses you.On the phone, he told me to wait 20 minutes, so I went to a faraway place, and he told me to wait for an hour, and I asked him how much time I had left, and he got angry and asked why I didn't write it on the waiting list. I came out of fear. The funnier thing is that he's the boss. Even though you're not kind, isn't it the basic thing to know when you're well?"
yoni,0. 0
yook,"I failed to escape because the stuff I needed to solve the problem in the game was not properly placed.No matter how much I search, I try to ask, but I don't have an intercom, so I can't help it.I complained after it was over, but it wasn't good because you just laughed.I won't go again.^^"
you,"Okay.. I went to the third round at dawn, and I could drink beer and bowl for 30,000 won per person. I didn't have it before, but I think unlimited is fine. I'll have to come often."
young,"Smells like cigarettes and I don't know board games, so I can't explain."
your love is good to,I don't want to go again because my staff is unkind.
yunjeongC,We finally managed to escape the room!!! We had a lot of fun. I will try to escape with something new next time and succeed.
yusana,"It's my favorite bread that rolls around every weekend and takes a rest.^^ There are many comic books, nice prices, good music, and news about new comics are posted on Facebook every day~ I strongly recommend 5 stars.^^*. It's my favorite bread that rolls around every weekend and takes a rest.^^ There are many comic books, nice prices, good music, and news about new comics are posted on Facebook every day~ I strongly recommend 5 stars.^^*"
yuta,"It's good to have a lot of games, but it's not soundproofed well, so I'm a little embarrassed when I sing. Most of all, the staff told our team in an irritating way from the start, and when I saw the other team joining, they greeted us very refreshingly. Whenever I try to eat something, I just sigh. Why did you do that? The facilities were good for the price, but the staff's attitude is a bit harsh."
z-er-o,"This is a new world. Bowling, billiards, and unfamiliar archery.I didn't play well because of the appointment time. I should go again.There are so many things I couldn't do.^^. This is a new world. Bowling, billiards, and unfamiliar archery.I didn't play well because of the appointment time. I should go again.There are so many things I couldn't do.^^"
zero,"Every time I come here, I drink a snowcano or a snowtop. It's fucking nuts. I've been drinking so often that I don't even take proof shots anymore. If anything happens near here, make sure you come, and if you're a city college student, shut up and drink a snowcano. If you don't know Caféon, I'm not gonna treat you like a city college student."
zezehi,Are you doing rail maintenance?Why is the rail condition like this?
zh,0
zjffltmxj,It's too expensive to go.
zzalex,"Worst of all. I went home after work, but only the office workers. I thought you were on your way to work."
zzzini,"The atmosphere is good, but it's not good enough to go twice."
zzzz,I've been to a get-together and the atmosphere is great! He's so excited. He's going to keep going forward.. I've been to a get-together and the atmosphere is great! He's so excited. He's going to keep going forward.
~.~,It's a little disappointing.
×_×,"The boss is kind, but if you don't like the smell of cigarettes, I don't recommend it.. The boss is kind, but if you don't like the smell of cigarettes, I don't recommend it."
Ги Хён чхье,I got bitten by a puppy.. I got bitten by a puppy.
Ḿặgďį ḾøhàḾễd,Okay.. Okay.
•,It's cold.
‼️,"Nice atmosphere. Hee Hee-hee having tea. Hee-hee.. You can play games with lots of things to play, not cartoons, but regular books, and it's so much fun! I'm going to try some food next time.. You can play games with lots of things to play, not cartoons, but regular books, and it's so much fun! I'm going to try some food next time."
₌₃۶⁼³ 👉호😎이👈 ۶⁼³₌₃,It's the best.
◑◑,It's the best.
☆,"I did a parking lot and a gambling place, and it was so much fun.Personally, I think the gambling place was more fun, but the assistant manager was also fun."
☆soda,There aren't many kinds of comic books. The price was pretty cheap. It was fine.
☆★☆★☆,Where is Cheonggyecheon Bridge in Jangchungdan Park?. Where is Cheonggyecheon Bridge in Jangchungdan Park?
☆홍염☆,"There are so few games.ᅮᅮ듯 Not even a hundred.. It's like hundreds of them all. It's a board cafe, but I thought it was a bar with lights on it. I think the price is more expensive than Hongdae...ᅮ"
☘,I don't think there's a place like this considering the price.It was fun.. I don't think there's a place like this considering the price.It was fun.
☺,This is a good forest for people who have been to many places.
♧히데뉨。,"I went to Sinchon Forest on Facebook by mistake.The staff is sullen. It's narrow and...There are too many books... After visiting Sinchon Nol Forest, it seems that Sinchon Nol Forest is the best... It's ironic why it's so popular in Sinchon Nori Forest.. Oh, that's great! There are a lot of the same forest, but it's a class that's incomparable. Sinchon Nori was not popular in Facebook for no reason. The branch was small and unkind.I'm touched!!. Oh, that's great! There are a lot of the same forest, but it's a class that's incomparable. Sinchon Nori was not popular in Facebook for no reason. The branch was small and unkind.I'm touched!!. Oh, that's great! There are a lot of the same forest, but it's a class that's incomparable. Sinchon Nori was not popular in Facebook for no reason. The branch was small and unkind.I'm touched!!"
かなこ,夕日が綺麗な公園
ㄱ,It's perfect for sexual activity in this room.. It's perfect for sexual activity in this room.
ㄱ whitetape OPEN 🎥,"I've been close to Nowon Room Escape, but this place has the best story and fun and the staff is kind.  I'm not leaving a review because you gave me the service. It's really fun!! The staff is cute and kind! It was fun.~~"
ㄱ. jeong,The rails are so short that spinners don't even have many house balls.. The rails are so short that spinners don't even have many house balls.
ㄱ.경훈. 초심,"I sometimes read comic books and go to lunch, but I like it because it's cozy.  Especially, I liked that there were a lot of webtoons. I went to see all the men, women, and Itaewon Klass.  사장 The owner here is so kind, and the parking was 3 hours and 4,000 won, so it was hard to find it, but I found it quickly from the second time. The price is great. I go there often these days."
ㄱㄱㅑ,Loudness. Normal.
ㄱㄴㄷ,"I came back from the rascal talking about my part-timer, disgusted by his eyes."
ㄱㄷㅇ,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
ㄱㅁ,No part-timers.. No part-timers.
ㄱㅇㅅ,"I went there last year or so, and my male part-timer was really rude, so if you don't want to work, don't do it. Don't make anyone feel bad.. I went there last year or so, and my male part-timer was really rude, so if you don't want to work, don't do it. Don't make anyone feel bad."
ㄱㅎㄱ,It's the best.. It's the best.
ㄱ성찬,"The owner of the facility Jo Eum is with the cafe on the second floor, and the cafe is nice too!"
ㄷㄹ,It's the best.. It's the best.
ㄷㄹㄱ,"Did you change your part-timer?The lady wearing glasses is so very kind! 시설ᄅ도짱. Did you change your part-timer?The lady wearing glasses is so very kind! 시설ᄅ도짱. Five-grain sound facilities are good for 1,000 won."
ㄹㄹ,The boss is so kind and cheerful.I've been to one of the best vod cafes I've ever been to. I'm going to go often~! Haha
ㄹㅇㅁㅅ,"Don't ever. I went in, and there were bits of tissue, hair, and even curly hair believed to be a conspiracy... It's very hygienic, and I'm watching a movie, and the subtitles are illegal. I really hope you don't go."
ㄹㅇ솔직평가,0. 0
ㅁ,"1,000 won for three songs... It's not cheap, but the karaoke microphone is the worst. I can't feel the echo at all and the microphone's sound is all over the volume of the accompaniment, but I can't control the volume of the microphone, so I'm going to scream and my throat will be sore. The 10,000 won Bluetooth microphone at home is better.... I've been to a comic cafe a lot and the chair is comfortable to lose here! It's not big, but it's much more comfortable than the cave. And comfortable without taking off shoes"
ㅁㅁㅁ,There's a lot of device error...
ㅁㅈ,The facilities are nice and clean.
ㅂㄷㅁ,It is neat and I can see a cat.
ㅃ뿌,12:00 p.m. part-time job is so cheap.
ㅅㅎ,You're so kind.
ㅇ,"Music pop song. Various seats. An easy, comfortable place without great inconvenience. I go here with them all the time. I don't know why the stars here are like this, but there are a lot of students here. It's quite famous for coming here often.Do it. It's close to the apartment. You can take four pictures of your life. I personally recommend it.. I don't like it... It's only expensive, and it's worse than a local bar.. Is it that hard to open the door and have a third-quarter leg while singing? It's so rude. He didn't tell me until what time it was, but he kept insisting that he was talking, but he was upset, so I hung up and left. It's annoying.. I'll be there as often as I can."
ㅇhjin,The advantage is that the only room cafe in Yeongdeungpo has a bad taste and a price that doesn't match it.
ㅇㄷㅊ,spillage fun
ㅇㅁ,Your part-timer is very unkind. The seats are very uncomfortable. I don't think he'll ever come back.
ㅇㅅㅇ,"I'm totally satisfied. I only go to the comic book store here.. It's a waste of even a single star... Even if you're stuck in the bathroom, you don't have to solve it. You don't have to find the game, you have to find it yourself. I don't understand the explanation, so I search for it myself. There's a reason why you shouldn't go ᅮ Improve your service. I thought it was 4,300 won after reading the blog, but 7,500 won...You two play three games and pay 50,000 won for the OH rail. It's a waste of a short, crazy guy.. It was the worst room escape I've ever been to in Hongdae. When the male staff first explained it, I felt all of my acquaintances, including myself, were explaining it too quickly and roughly. So I didn't understand two-thirds of the whole explanation. The explanation of the escape room cafe is an important part, and I was so sorry for that, and the problem was less connected than other escape room cafes, so even after solving the problem, there were many parts where it was right or what to do next. Cash discount, good. It's 17,000 won even if you get double discount, but it's not that cheap and I don't want to recommend it. Social discounts are really bad compared to other escape room cafes.Folding. I had so much fun! The food is delicious, and it's full of fun. I lost track of time!!. It was the worst room escape I've ever been to in Hongdae. When the male staff first explained it, I felt all of my acquaintances, including myself, were explaining it too quickly and roughly. So I didn't understand two-thirds of the whole explanation. The explanation of the escape room cafe is an important part, and I was so sorry for that, and the problem was less connected than other escape room cafes, so even after solving the problem, there were many parts where it was right or what to do next. Cash discount, good. It's 17,000 won even if you get double discount, but it's not that cheap and I don't want to recommend it. Social discounts are really bad compared to other escape room cafes.Folding. The staff were so kind and it was my first time trying to escape the room, but I escaped with 4 seconds left in the KOMA room, so it was exciting and fun!!. It's a waste of even a single star... Even if you're stuck in the bathroom, you don't have to solve it. You don't have to find the game, you have to find it yourself. I don't understand the explanation, so I search for it myself. There's a reason why you shouldn't go ᅮ Improve your service. 0"
ㅇㅇ,"The escape room itself is well made. But is it because it's big and has a lot of customers? Although there were many employees in the counter, it felt a bit unsystematic, but compared to other half-exploitation, the story was solid and the various themes were unique, so it was definitely Rooms.. The escape room itself is well made. But is it because it's big and has a lot of customers? Although there were many employees in the counter, it felt a bit unsystematic, but compared to other half-exploitation, the story was solid and the various themes were unique, so it was definitely Rooms.. A device with a wide range of stories and visuals.. Tastes bad and the bossy.. The book is so old and dirty that if you touch a book with a book, it will get infected with germs.. Tastes bad and the bossy.. The counters are very kind, and the story is the best among the escape rooms in Daehak-ro and the interior is nice.. It was a satisfying escape room because there were many interesting themes and the staff were kind.^^. Non-ssam compared to very unfriendly facilities. The counters are very kind, and the story is the best among the escape rooms in Daehak-ro and the interior is nice.. Lovemaker... ..haha."
ㅇㅇㅇ,"I usually thought of it as a board game cafe with my girlfriend, so I looked around and heard it, but it turned out to be an offline store dealing with minor board games such as miniature games and trpg. I know a lot of information because I like games and so on, but it was the first time I saw it in person. It seems to be a good place to get together for players who play this kind of game, but because the game is a game, there are often tables that make your eyes frown. It's very noisy maybe because I visited on the weekend. We have general board games, but they are difficult to explain, and we also sell a lot of game items. Folding. Part-time job. ○ That's so rude. He's in charge of the counter for men's pomade. Why do you use it?  짜르세여 ᄏᄏ ○같음"
ㅇㅇㅈ,It's the best.
ㅇㅈ,"It's fun, but it's low, so I give you 5 points. Two-point difference is never, like 3.5 to 4?. It's fun, but it's low, so I give you 5 points. Two-point difference is never, like 3.5 to 4?. It's fun, but it's low, so I give you 5 points. Two-point difference is never, like 3.5 to 4?"
ㅇㅈㅇ,"He's so kind, he's got a lot of cartoons, he's got a lot of places, he's"
ㅇㅍㄱ,unkindness
ㅇㅎ,"There are a lot of comic books and it's okay, but the smell of cigarettes is too bad and the game console can only be used for 3 or more people.. Too narrow and open for other places. I went on a weekday evening, and the guy was so kind! I sometimes go near my house, but I don't have that many books.. All the staff members don't want to work, and the room is a bit small, so it's uncomfortable.I'd rather go to Hongdae.. 0. All the staff members don't want to work, and the room is a bit small, so it's uncomfortable.I'd rather go to Hongdae.. There are a lot of comic books and it's okay, but the smell of cigarettes is too bad and the game console can only be used for 3 or more people."
ㅇㅎㅇ,"It's 5,000 won for an hour, and I received a lot of service. I've been to a different coin karaoke in Hongdae. I don't like it, but I think it's okay here."
ㅈㅁ,"The new book is neatly organized, and the chicken mayo is especially delicious.I was happy that the boss was kind."
ㅈㅅ,"If the self-bar was too bad at the high price, the bread is too old and hard. I'll eat it. It's a waste of the worst amount of money except popcorn."
ㅊㅊ,It's the best.
ㅋ,"I went twice. Before I went to the worst place, I tried to sing with 5,000 won. I only had one of the two wireless mics so I couldn't even sing with my friend. And the second time, was room 3? Anyway, I was singing in that room and the rhythm changed and the song got cut off. I was annoyed that someone in the other room sang 10 songs to see if they were adjusting the other room as a joke or not managing the machine, but 2 songs were cut off and I tried to sing the highlight part, and 3 songs changed the beat by myself.;; fold as if you don't care"
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ,"It's good to have cards in each room. It's closer than the first store, so I'll go often when the Corona situation subsides.. It's good to have cards in each room. It's closer than the first store, so I'll go often when the Corona situation subsides.. It took time to solve the problem because the lock alphabet was missing. I opened the box but it's open because I didn't set it up again. Should I give you a different theme?LOL I asked for a refund, so the full refund is not supposed to be done, so I will only give you 50%.Thanks to you, I'm not going to the escape room cafe again.^^"
ㅌㅇ,"The best course to ride a bicycle! There are quite a few people coming by bicycle, so I hope there are many bicycle racks. Bicycles are dangerous at night.. It's the best.. Playground of the Cute Rabbit"
ㅍㅇ,They're very kind. They explain the theme with sincerity and they take good pictures. Please pay close attention to the reflection of the board. Thank you so much for lending me your sudden rainoni umbrella.
ㅍㅍ,Staff service is a mess.Just getting dirty.
ㅎ,"It's clean inside and clean! It's a drink for one person, but it's cheap, so it's good to buy it without any burden. The game is well organized and the boss explains it well.. There's a lot of play to do, but you're not very kind and you're a mess. I can't see the satellite map of KakaoMap. I need you to retake it with the latest one."
ㅎ.ㅎ,I want you to make the order of the singing room properly.
ㅎㄹ,Thank you always for your kind boss.. All the themes are so much fun.
ㅎㅅㅇ,"The night view is not the best, but the atmosphere is the best along with the night view. I used to be able to go up to the fortress and drink beer, but now it's banned because it's well known.. a good place to see the sunset. You have to go to the side of the unit to enjoy it properly. Never take a car unless it's dawn."
ㅎㅇ,"I called you at around 7 p.m. 2 days ago because it's reserved for 2 days before Dongpa yuk on the menu, and you asked me to call you back at 1 p.m. the next day. I'm calling you at 2:30 p.m. after work, I can't say that I've already bought it.Yes, and it means that you should call me at 1 o'clock, not after 1 o'clock... I recommend Dongpa Yook only for those who can make a reservation at 1 o'clock.. I don't care if people come or not. I just touch my phone."
ㅎㅈㅊ,"Okay.. Okay.. I like it, but I don't have enough books."
ㅎㅎ,"I visited on Sunday morning. It's my first time at a comic book store, but it's neat, kind, and the food is delicious I only did it for 2 hours, but now I have 5 hours. It seems a little expensive, but it is a good place for families to come. Next time with my son.. It's a waste of time. Aren't the male part-timers here too big? I'm pointing my finger at... You've never worked before. I went out with my friends for a holiday, but they were so unfriendly that I couldn't even play a game and just left. You should be grateful that it ended like that.. They sell pretty cocktails at the bowling alley, and they taste the best. The employees are so kind and the atmosphere is great!!I've never seen such a great bowling alley. It's open in Cheongdam, so I have to go.. I visited on Sunday morning. It's my first time at a comic book store, but it's neat, kind, and the food is delicious I only did it for 2 hours, but now I have 5 hours. It seems a little expensive, but it is a good place for families to come. Next time with my son.. It's located right under Kodachaya, so it's a good place to stop by. We also sold signature beer from bowling pin glasses. We had a great time.I have to go because Cheongdam branch is open."
ㅎㅐㅍㅣ,It's the best.
ㅏㅓ,"It's clean and it's a double seat. It's big because you let me use it alone.I went there during the weekday morning and there were two women at the counter. They are so kind.. The space itself is nice, but there are a lot of people who don't even have basic etiquette. Someone who used the bed seat near me burps while eating. The staff were very kind when I went there. It was my first time going there and they kindly explained it to me and thanked me. It was uncomfortable because of some customers who couldn't keep their sense of concept and public morals. The store itself is nice!!"
ㅡ,The best part is very kind!!! I recommend Rosé Risotto.. The best part is very kind!!! I recommend Rosé Risotto.
ㅡㅁㅡ,The boss is so kind and the price is cheaper than the neighborhood.. The boss is so kind and the price is cheaper than the neighborhood.
ㅡㅡ,"It's clean, kind, and there are many kinds.. It's clean, kind, and there are many kinds."
ㆍ,I don't like it.. I think I'm going to win an architectural award this year.
喜停,Are you screwed? Not at the door;;; a stumble of steps. Are you screwed? Not at the door;;; a stumble of steps
愼其獨 로봇군단진재민ZINJAEMIN,There is a lot of coffee and the cat is so pretty.. There is a lot of coffee and the cat is so pretty.
犬구리,"It's a bit excessive, but you're kind and take care of this and that. It's cheap because they give us snacks, drinks, and the price of a regular room cafe, but it seems like they give us a knife without any extra cost."
肇遠,Okay.
黃芝麻 황참깨,白白來!!美美!!! 多多多! # Sky Park #愛愛 # # # #Hwangchamgae Fun Life. 今!!! !對對! !對對!大大大大大大大大家家家家家家。家!野!!!! 地:時時時時時 # # # # # # # # # # Seoul Forest # #愛 # #愛 # # # # # # # # Hwangchamkeul Life
가나다라마바사,"Guys, this is the best comic book store!!!  Ramen is so delicious and above all, the space is so big!  With such a large private space, it feels like reading a cartoon in my room!  Above all, turn on the air conditioner so full that I really don't regret it!!  And you were so kind that I really enjoyed it!!"
가니커스,"I like to read books quietly, but I don't have many books...  I couldn't see it because I didn't have a war.  I was just reading a travel book.  The scale is not wide... Plus, I've got a pile of furniture to clean up on one side. I don't think I have any consideration for my clients."
가양,The boss was kind and I had fun with the house and Psycho. The price is also the best!. The boss was kind and I had fun with the house and Psycho. The price is also the best!
간간,"It was fun, but the staff made the explanation so difficult. It was sad... But it was good!! The interior is pretty, too."
감동하면 리뷰씀,"Mr. President, you'really kind. ᅮᅮ"
감사,The boss is kind.. The boss is kind.
강 예동,Okay.. Okay.
강기범,"You're so unfriendly, but you're good at rolling balls."
강나,0. 0
강대형,"The park itself is good, but some items are expensive at the convenience store. You can't just write a bar code and pay by typing in your own money... They sell it outside for 2,000 won, 4,000 won't..."
강무,I don't know why I'm not from this town.
강민구,"The boss is kind, clean, and the coffee is delicious.^^. The boss is kind, clean, and the coffee is delicious.^^"
강병권,"It's a coin karaoke, but you can't use coins? Well, it's my fault I don't have a bill.. It's a coin karaoke, but you can't use coins? Well, it's my fault I don't have a bill."
강승은,The smell of Bongyeon coffee still lingers at the tip of my nose. They explained how to eat kindly and the overall cozy cafe atmosphere was good.
강연부,"Alba = unkind enough to be in the top five of Hongdae establishments. It's not a blunt level, it's just a quarrel. Other = I woke up by mistake and asked for compensation. Don't go.. Alba = unkind enough to be in the top five of Hongdae establishments. It's not a blunt level, it's just a quarrel. Other = I woke up by mistake and asked for compensation. Don't go."
강인철,I don't like it.
강지수,"Employee unkindness, bad mood, six locks in one.... Employee unkindness, bad mood, six locks in one..."
강진우,The boss has a good mind.
강찬영,"The part-timer sounded a bit unkind. The ceiling was connected to the next room, so it was not soundproof at all, and there was no air conditioner and only an electric fan. It was hard to feel the comfort of the room cafe.. The part-timer sounded a bit unkind. The ceiling was connected to the next room, so it was not soundproof at all, and there was no air conditioner and only an electric fan. It was hard to feel the comfort of the room cafe.. The part-timer sounded a bit unkind. The ceiling was connected to the next room, so it was not soundproof at all, and there was no air conditioner and only an electric fan. It was hard to feel the comfort of the room cafe."
강창근,Good walking.
강태원,0
강현지,I think it's best to play here when it's cold and you don't want to go out.
강호,"Maybe it's because it's my first time doing it's been a long time. I was supposed to give you three hints and dance inside, but you just gave me a few more, and you gave me more time. Anyway, room escape was a success."
강희진,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
개금장,The boss is so handsome!! And kindness. What a perfect self!I think I'll go often in the future!!
개진철,It's the best.
건담이말을건담,"It's not that big a place, but books aren't all that diverse.. Please explain the kindness of the staff.. The song is good and the boss is kind.. It's not that big a place, but books aren't all that diverse."
건우,Normal.. It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
건호,The facilities and prices are all good except for the late opening.
게,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
겨울,"Be kind and have the best microphone speaker facilities! Let's only go to 7 stars at Dong-ne. During the day, 4 songs and 1,000 won are really cheap."
경선,"Guys, don't go here. Because I have to go."
경이리☆,It's so delicious and cozy. Comic books are easy to read. It's also good to be cheap. There's also a lot of parking space.
경호,"It was a series of boring dates every weekend, watching movies, eating meals, but it was different. I went there because my boyfriend wanted to go. When I think of massage chairs, it's a new world to think of old people, but somehow there was a cool place.  Now I'm going to come here more often: I'm surprised that the staff is nice and the coffee I drink is delicious. Usually, cafes with these packages taste like coffee, but it's delicious."
경희,"No, I use it a lot. I'm sure you're just saying that the boss doesn't look good. There are two people in Namjeong who are chatting for an hour at a comic cafe like a coffee shop. How can I not stop you once, if you're going to go to a coffee shop, the two men have been talking about the interview all day long? I'm sure they don't know what they'really? I'm here to read comic books and I don't know why I have to listen to their interview process TMI. You'll get a good job. You don't even know basic etiquette.퉤folding"
고기고기,0
고기조하,"It's expensive, there's no games. Not much."
고도리,0
고도영,"I shouldn't have gone after seeing individual reviews... They say the price of the drink is expensive, so I have to drink it and pay extra for it. It's a board game cafe, and the number I have is a regular home. Only those who want to FLEX go."
고독한 탐식가,Yeontral Park. Yeontral Park. Drive Course & Seoul Night View.
고라니,"I can't believe there was a bar like this at Chonggak.It's on the 3rd floor, so the view is nice and the store is so clean. It was my first time doing Vierpong here, and it was so much fun and darts were so much fun. It's got a lot of moods and cocktails. I'm full of thoughts to revisit!"
고락훈,It's the best.
고마워,"Oh, my God! I've found a whole new world. I was so busy raising children that I gathered with my classmates in college and I got rid of all the stress!I made an appointment to see you again next month. Oh, it's been a while since I had so much fun!!!LOL. Oh, my God! I've found a whole new world. I was so busy raising children that I gathered with my classmates in college and I got rid of all the stress!I made an appointment to see you again next month. Oh, it's been a while since I had so much fun!!!LOL"
고먐미,"You said you were going on a Monday holiday on Sunday, so you didn't open the door and didn't answer. I guess I'm screwed."
고수향채,People are kind!!. People are kind!!
고아라,"three thousand won songs. three thousand won songs. Three 1,000 won songs. The seats are a bit small."
고양이,It's the best.. It's the best.
고은빈,It's the best.
고정훈,"I strongly recommend the date course!!!!! I heard it once because the waiting time for the movie was long, but the atmosphere is crazy!!  Unlike the previous bowling alley, each has a different feeling as it is divided into three sections.  Maybe because of the atmosphere, I set the best record; haha, especially archery, which is difficult for beginners, was taught by the staff and experienced something different.. I strongly recommend the date course!!!!! I heard it once because the waiting time for the movie was long, but the atmosphere is crazy!!  Unlike the previous bowling alley, each has a different feeling as it is divided into three sections.  Maybe because of the atmosphere, I set the best record; haha, especially archery, which is difficult for beginners, was taught by the staff and experienced something different."
고충훈,It's really nice to do it 24 hours a day for two 500 won songs!
고카소,Normal.
고킥,"part-timers are rude. I speak with a rotten look on my face, and even though I'm a service worker, I don't have that spirit at all. When you talk to the customer, you look so upset. If I were a boss, I'd have to be a part-timer."
고호성,What are you doing?
곰,LOL
곰탱이,You're scared to go.
공주,Joa (foods are not delicious). Joa (foods are not delicious)
곽미정,"The part-timers were kind and the long-haired one explained the game, and it was easy to understand. And I like it because there are various kinds of games."
괭이,The sound quality of the wire microphone was so bad that it was almost like a tree.. You don't seem to have the will to work. I don't have any sincerity.. It was a little.. The sound quality of the wire microphone was so bad that it was almost like a tree.
구글맵,It's the best.. It's the best.
구로이네,have nothing to do with the kasthong grandkids and the kasthong
구름,a kind boss
구름별,"I often go to this place with a reservation for bowling Plaza. Four songs are good for 1,000 won and clean and there are many songs!. There are not many types of room escape.ᅲ"
구본근,Normal.
구은경,She's as pretty as Eungbong mountain forsythia.❤
국민짱지,Is it Yeontral Park because it's similar to Central Park? The actual image shows that the size is small and the trees are dangling compared to Central Park. I'm embarrassed to see a foreigner who knows Central Park.
굿데이,Okay.
굿모닝,I recommend a really interesting and exotic experience.. Why don't you have a review? This place is so much fun.
궈니,It's the best.
권세윤,It's the best.. It's the best.
권수진(느헤),The alcohol is expensive and the food is small and the beer is soft.
권준호,The boss is kind and the inside is clean!. The boss is kind and the inside is clean!
권지훈,"A pleasant place to play games! Everyone, come here."
권태헌,Music selection is my style...
귀가아파,Sauna is like a local bathhouse in the '80s...It's messy and...-.- Open the gym where the changing room is dirty.
귀공자,It's the best.
규규,It's the best when you have a lot of time before the show. It's comfortable. I had a good rest.. It's the best when you have a lot of time before the show. It's comfortable. I had a good rest.
규빈,"I don't like it, not Seoul-ro."
균면성실,"I've been working for months and I don't want to go because of an unfriendly employee. You don't seem to have any intention of doing business.  Considering the bowling alley situation, the way you treat people is really unpleasant and rude. I'm sorry I didn't admit my mistake. Not a word.  You can't even see this review because you don't manage the service, right? I'm not gonna make any improvements."
귤,"The room is a little small, so I can hear everything when I scream from the side because it's not soundproof. It's the first time I went in, and without any explanation, I told him to put his shoes in, and he suddenly showed me his room, and he kept on using his cell phone, and I was upset because I kept seeing that he was lazy."
귯,"It's very expensive, and it's no good."
그냥,It's comfortable and tteokbokki is... Delicious Hehe
그라함보넷,"It's better here. It's better than the forest. relatively cheap at 1,800 won per hour"
금경령,It's the best.
금수강산풍년,"Star Point: 10 points in particular: Water fountain, Light Falls, Waterlight Square, Water Stage, etc. ..... ...There are plenty of places to see and enjoy... ...so whispering in the Han River stream for a maiden bachelor date... ...deleted"
금요일에만나요,"It's good to give 5 songs for 1,000 won. But it's not well managed. As soon as I entered the entrance, I went into a big room that I could see right away and put in 1,000 won, but I couldn't hear the microphone and even the sound of the sound, so I wasted no money... I sent a text message because there was a number at the counter, but there was no feedback... Please take good care of the facilities."
기럭지은,"I was going to sing at karaoke, but I didn't have a microphone. I asked him, and he said no to that room wasn't supposed to. Please move to another room. So I moved it. 14 minutes have passed without thinking about the time of the diversion or the time they were sorry to explain."
기린,It's the first time I haven't told you that I'm busy at a board game.. It's the best.. It's the first time I haven't told you that I'm busy at a board game.
기마유니,Nice atmosphere! I'm excited! Kindness.
기모링,"I've used it a few times, but it's too unkind. I used it because it was near the school, but I think I'm going to use it somewhere else."
기무지노상,"The picture says three 1,000 won songs, but it's two. It's expensive."
기정우,I like it here. I recommend it. Recommended strongly recommended. I like it here. I recommend it. Recommended strongly recommended. I like it here. I recommend it. Recommended strongly recommended
김 혜진,The boss is kind and the facilities are clean.
김가현,"There are many types of board games and there are a lot of stores. The staff recommend the games and kindly explain the rules. Ask if you enjoyed it when you went out. Good! Oh, and it's 2,400 won an hour. Without the cost of the drink"
김강봉,I'm taking a good rest.. I'm taking a good rest.
김건우,"I'm sorry about all the story probability management. If you do it for the first time, you'll save money because you don't want to do it again.. I'm sorry about all the story probability management. If you do it for the first time, you'll save money because you don't want to do it again."
김경한,"I don't like the lanes, and I don't like the general facilities. But the price is 4,200 won per round and 4,900 won for dinner & weekend, but they charge extra for shoes. I regret that I should have paid 3,500 won for the shoes.. Do you get the answer when you see that all the high-rated reviews are written on June 27th?"
김계승,0. 0
김고은,Hongdae style in the late 90s and early 2000s. I'm reminiscing.
김관중(KwanJoong Kim),"The night view is worth seeing. Dongdaemun Duta area is visible. Naksan naengmyeon, Gitdaebong naengmyeon restaurant, where I used to go once in a while when it was on the top."
김군,It's the best.
김귀성,I can see Seoul from Sky Park.
김규성,"If you can only sleep once in the back, you have to stand by again if you feel relaxed. Based on the standard of one drink per person, I don't tell you when the drinks are cheap, but the cheapest cola is 5,900 won, the staff is kind, but we need to change."
김근수,0. 0
김기백,It's the best.. It's the best.
김기현,"It's hard to do outdoor activities because it's cold, so it's nice here. There were many things to enjoy and it was nice to have fun together. Next time, I'll have to visit with many people again. strongly recommend ᄒ"
김나라,The facilities are clean and very kind. I stopped by before the concert. They said they'll wake me up on time. They're worried that I might be late. I'm so touched. I'll use it again next time!!! Thank you!
김나연,Rock bowling... The reason why I like glow bowling is because it is fun and exciting.. Rock bowling... The reason why I like glow bowling is because it is fun and exciting.
김남천,"Oh, you did that to me, too. Oh, that's not basic."
김남호,"It's an unmanned system here, so no one can steal water, but I don't know what the above assessment is. I was worried about the back of the stairs, but the interior is clean and relatively new.. It's the best.. It's an unmanned system here, so no one can steal water, but I don't know what the above assessment is. I was worried about the back of the stairs, but the interior is clean and relatively new."
김다루,It's the best.
김다빈,젛음 menu is many. 젛음 menu is many. 젛음 menu is many
김다영,"The facilities are neat and cozy. The menu is good, comic books are neat, and the boss is very kind. The books are snooping around, so please recommend something to see. It's comfortable to have an air purifier."
김대현,It's a little disappointing.. It's a little disappointing.. It's neat and the drinks are very delicious.~~. Okay.
김덕산,"It's a waste of one grade. It's an unfriendly drink for one person, but it's cheap, and if it's expensive, it's delicious.Kiwiade is a rotten taste guy; without socks, they sell socks for 3,000 won, and some shoes cost 30,000 won to 30,000 won per game, but if you wait, you can only play one game. How much money do you spend on your first blog review? I wouldn't have seen Kakao Review again.To see more details"
김도겸,"From the moment I walked in, the atmosphere was... You're so funny and nice.I had a cocktail while playing board games and darts, and I was drunk without knowing it. I highly recommend it to all the city students of Kyung Hee University's Foreign Language College!!!"
김도현,"Ah, lane's narrow. Calculation for miracles."
김동수,It's a shame that there are no seats available because the bowling alley staff is so popular with students.
김동찬,"Your mother and father are very kind.~ If you go early, it's 1,000 won for 5 songs, so the cost-effectiveness is the best!. Your mother and father are very kind.~ If you go early, it's 1,000 won for 5 songs, so the cost-effectiveness is the best!"
김동철,Okay.
김동현,This is the place where I recently visited with my children! I went there after reading the reviews and it was nice because the cafe was spacious and the facilities were clean. I didn't know there was a cafe like this in Hongdae. I'll stop by often. ^^. It was my first time visiting with my girlfriend and the boss was so kind that I had a lot of fun!!
김동호,It's the best.
김동환,"There is no oil.. I went on the weekend, but I always went to a cafe and it was a whole new world.. 0. I went on the weekend, but I always went to a cafe and it was a whole new world."
김두헌,"Ask them to give you a seat that only regulars favor. For professional bowling players only, please write ""professional welcome"" on the sign. That's the worst thing to do without apologizing."
김레볼,It's the best.. The employees are unfriendly. The facilities are fine.. The employees are unfriendly. The facilities are fine.
김뢰동,It was so nice. The room was wide and clean. The facilities were perfect.
김말이,"Club music keeps coming out, so it's a bit noisy. If you have weak hearing, be careful."
김명규,It's the best.. It's the best.
김명근 AnJo,"The two-grain facilities for 1,000 won are not bad, but I think it's this price because it's only here.. The two-grain facilities for 1,000 won are not bad, but I think it's this price because it's only here."
김무권,Well.
김미희,The price is low and the quality of the microphone is good.
김민,"Not all part-timers need to be kind, but since it's their first time, they threw the ball in the wrong place and rolled it back to the right timing before it went to the bowling pin, but they're fucking cursing.LOL. I'm not going again.LOL"
김민서,The boss is kind and the food is delicious. And they gave me iced tea for free.You're the best.
김민선,0
김민우,I think it's okay here. There's a lot of cartoons.LOL
김민재,Always go places clean and nice
김민지,a maramad restaurant
김범진,The store was pleasant and the explanation was very interesting. There are many kinds of games and I have fun with my friends. I'll be back next time~
김병규,It's totally different from the rest of the room. It's so much fun. It was amazing that I could solve the problem by choosing a character.
김보갱,It's the best.. It's the best.
김복순,"TV, there's dust under the TV, and the remote control has been working for a while-- it's almost a good blog review, so I'm tricked. Don't go away! Like I didn't clean the floor -- recommended to someone who likes ramen -- but I don't want to come back."
김상동,Normal.
김상영,It's clean and nice.The boss also had a nice and comfortable time.May you prosper.. It's clean and nice.The boss also had a nice and comfortable time.May you prosper.
김상욱,Okay.. It's the best.
김상현,It's the best.
김석영,concrete sensibility
김석용,I went here yesterday and it was really nice!
김성권,It was convenient to put bills straight into the machine without exchanging coins outside (carrot)
김성민,Take advantage of it all the time!. Take advantage of it all the time!
김성은,"I didn't know you were in Gangnam, warm and comfortable palace, but it's so comfortable.. Board games, comic books, singing rooms, massage chairs.What else is there? The real cost-effectiveness is so good.. I didn't know you were in Gangnam, warm and comfortable palace, but it's so comfortable."
김성일,The boss is unkind. I don't want to come again.
김성준,I liked the clean and pleasant atmosphere.
김성중,"I was so embarrassed when the two men left. Cateilva is so good for a date course in Hongdae! The energy of the Ondol has been great since I took off my shoes~ Boss, please give me the information about the company. Please, what?"
김성훈,It's the best.
김세호,"If there are both Taejin and Geumyoung in each one-minute sound room, I recommend you to go to the coin karaoke room near Sinchon on a weekend evening. (more than 1,000 won and 5 songs)."
김세희,It's the best.
김소라,This park near the Han River can rest comfortably.. a park close to Yeomkyung Elementary School. It's the best.. It's the best.
김수민,"I was watching a movie with my friend, but I couldn't concentrate because they were talking too much outside. I'm still worried.. I was watching a movie with my friend, but I couldn't concentrate because they were talking too much outside. I'm still worried."
김씨,"It's my first time here. When I came, all the staff were very kind. We couldn't go to the second room because it was our first time. They opened it up and told us how to solve the problem in the second room to escape. I guess the staff members have changed. I had a great time escaping from the first broadcast.. It's my first time here. When I came, all the staff were very kind. We couldn't go to the second room because it was our first time. They opened it up and told us how to solve the problem in the second room to escape. I guess the staff members have changed. I had a great time escaping from the first broadcast."
김앤장,That's great...!
김영우,"It was really delicious and it was nice to have various foods and various games. I think the price is good and I should come visit often. Thank you~. Facilities, the game is too old."
김영희,Convenience facilities for the residents are well-organized and well-managed.
김예리,It's close~~~~~
김예린,"It's fun~~~! The part-timer who explained to me was very kind. I did the parking lot, but I wanted to come to Elbe next time, so I got a discount with my Kakaotalk friend before 3 p.m. on weekdays, so I got a little cheaper!!"
김예림,"People who like dogs will definitely like it, and it's comfortable because there's a bed. But the taste and price of drinks and desserts are not very... Sometimes I go to the healing place to feel better.. People who like dogs will definitely like it, and it's comfortable because there's a bed. But the taste and price of drinks and desserts are not very... Sometimes I go to the healing place to feel better."
김운규,"Nice facilities, nice staff.^^"
김원영,"It has a beautiful exterior, nice atmosphere, and music! It's the best :)"
김유신,You were kind~~~. You were kind~~~
김유훈,A quiet shelter in the middle of the city. It's good to take a rest in large park areas and rich forests.
김은정 知天命,Dancing fountain. My heart cools too. The child plays with the water and I sit back and watch the world.. Dancing fountain. My heart cools too. The child plays with the water and I sit back and watch the world.
김이슬,"I went there the weekend before yesterday and left a message. It was my first time going to a room cafe. I didn't know what it was. My boyfriend found out about it, so I went with him. It was really comfortable. I like drinking tea, so I drank a lot and came out to play. I have to go again.. I went there the weekend before yesterday and left a message. It was my first time going to a room cafe. I didn't know what it was. My boyfriend found out about it, so I went with him. It was really comfortable. I like drinking tea, so I drank a lot and came out to play. I have to go again."
김인규,Normal.
김인범,"It's a place where you can enjoy the beautiful sky because you're kind and the coffee is delicious and high:) It's low day and night, and the view is beautiful. Where only I want to know"
김장환,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
김재경,I like it because it's quiet (day of the week).. Normal.
김재기(석수),"I've seen it once, and it's a shame! I have a story. ..♡"
김재만,"The reason for not updating new comics after the update of April 28th, 2015 is because"
김재명,"It doesn't come out in the picture, but there are quite a few corners, and this part is forced to create a double layer, so your head may touch the ceiling. And it's underground, so it's damp, and it smells a bit smelly, and up to here, it's a little sloppy with the rules. I guess it's because it's a minor game, so I thought it would be nice to translate and print the instructions inside.. The facilities are good and the price is reasonable. I got hurt by carelessness while playing the game, but I took care of it right away because you prepared the standing medicine well!"
김재원,I like the interior.
김재현,"""quite good. ""quite good. It's a good resting place."
김재홍,A good place to sit in a cafe and read comic books!
김정민,best lolk
김정심,pinkish
김정욱,"Seriously, that's a clean.~~especially the bathroom"
김정현,It was the best Mr. Healing store I've ever been to.
김종건,I like it because it's clean. And chocolate latte and chicken mayo are really delicious.. I like it because it's clean. And chocolate latte and chicken mayo are really delicious.
김종근,"I envy you so much for going to Ansan, but it's pathetic."
김종윤,It's good to play with kids. It's not that crowded.. It's good to play with kids. It's not that crowded.
김종진,I don't like it.
김종휘,I ate dinner with my friends and went out to play. The staff were so kind and we had a great time drinking unlimited beer.I strongly recommend playing with my friends.
김주영,"After moving in, our park is peaceful and nice."
김주원,The cherry blossoms here are so beautiful.. The cherry blossoms here are so beautiful.
김준성,It's the best.. It's the best.
김지민(Andrew),The staff is seriously unkind. Don't go. It's a waste of money and time.
김지원,Clean and good facilities. Clean and good facilities
김지해,"It's one song for 500 won or three minutes for 500 won. No guests. If you're looking for a karaoke room you can always enter, here.. It's one song for 500 won or three minutes for 500 won. No guests. If you're looking for a karaoke room you can always enter, here."
김지현,I went there after reading the blog reviews and it was really fun and enjoyable. I strongly recommend it as a couple date place!
김지형,"Quiet! Cheap coffee, Wi-Fi! The latest issue!"
김진규,"I liked the bowling alley because it was clean and cheap. I came just before lunchtime and the lane is well maintained. The house ball isn't in very good condition.. The location is a new building, clean, and everything is fine, but I'm not satisfied with the grease (a pattern that is different from other bowling alleys, to be exact). There was no oil on either end of the lane, so I rolled the ball to a different route than usual... It was fun to find a way to attack.ᅲᅲᅲᅮ"
김진숙,part-timers are rude.
김진영,"First of all, the store is really pretty, and the staff is nice and I took my girlfriend with me, and I really like it. Cocktails and snacks are really pretty. It's a perfect date.. The store is so beautiful. The facilities are good, and I like to hang out with my friends or go on a date.. I didn't know there was a place like this in Hongdae, but the store was hip, the cocktails were delicious, and Jikwol was kind, so I had a great time.. The atmosphere was so hip, the store was pretty, and the staff was so kind that I went overboard. LOL. I took my friend for the first time because the store was clean and pretty, and the staff was so nice. The cocktail was delicious."
김진우,hurray for the independence of Korea
김진현,"It's easy to spend time and play and it's good. Cats are very friendly, you can lie down and sleep, and they have good cost-effectiveness."
김찬호,It's the best except for the inconvenient parking.
김창우,They say it's a good place for girls to sit and chat.
김철호,Okay.
김초설,"If you apply the time event, you'll get one more song for 1,000 won if you get 100 points for a six-song miracle coin."
김춘배,"I didn't see any stars. I just left.You're paying me for this? I don't know if it's the concept or the original smell of the sewer. I found the key, but it didn't turn around properly, so I wasted too much time. In conclusion, it's not fun either.. I didn't see any stars. I just left.You're paying me for this? I don't know if it's the concept or the original smell of the sewer. I found the key, but it didn't turn around properly, so I wasted too much time. In conclusion, it's not fun either."
김치볶음밥,"It's not that big, but it's unexpectedly clean and there are many books.. It's not that big, but it's unexpectedly clean and there are many books."
김케잍,It's a little disappointing.. I don't like it.
김태수,It's the best.
김태운,Comics are also cheap. And the boss is so kind! Perfect for a summer date!. Comics are also cheap. And the boss is so kind! Perfect for a summer date!
김태은,"It's really neat and has an event price, so it's totally cheap. (I don't know how much longer the event is going to cost...) Coffee, beer, ramen and snacks. It's well-maintained and nice!! However, the parking lot is a parking lot that goes down the Elbe, but the big car is not available because it's an old building. There were two parking lots, but the other parking lot had a lot of cars, so it was hard to park. Snow.... It's really neat and has an event price, so it's totally cheap. (I don't know how much longer the event is going to cost...) Coffee, beer, ramen and snacks. It's well-maintained and nice!! However, the parking lot is a parking lot that goes down the Elbe, but the big car is not available because it's an old building. There were two parking lots, but the other parking lot had a lot of cars, so it was hard to park. Snow..."
김태준,Facility Best!!
김태헌,I don't like it.
김태형,"Boss, you're so kind and clean. I'll come back next time.. Boss, you're so kind and clean. I'll come back next time."
김태후,I don't like it.
김태훈,Service Taste Specialty Coffee that's Hard to See in This Town
김한국,He's friendly and nice.^^
김현,9/10
김현석,It was clean and nice even on weekends!  Chicken mayo is delicious!. It was clean and nice even on weekends!  Chicken mayo is delicious!
김현승,"First of all, he's very kind. The male employees are so kind and very cool. I went with my family and it's too cold per person per person.5,000 won for a game and 2,500 won for shoes."
김현우,0
김현조,"I think you can enjoy your own time and study. But sometimes you turn on the popular music too loud and it gets on your nerves. ᅮᅮᅮ, it would be nice to play classical music or piano music, but it doesn't suit a quiet and comfortable atmosphere, right? Except that, it's a good place to study and talk to friends.^^. I think you can enjoy your own time and study. But sometimes you turn on the popular music too loud and it gets on your nerves. ᅮᅮᅮ, it would be nice to play classical music or piano music, but it doesn't suit a quiet and comfortable atmosphere, right? Except that, it's a good place to study and talk to friends.^^"
김현주,"Okay.. If you get 100 points for 5 songs for 1,000 won, you can add one more song.. If you get 100 points for 5 songs for 1,000 won, you can add one more song."
김현준,It's the best.
김현진,"How nice of you!  (as of 2019.09.26)The facility is very clean. I hope you always keep your cushions, dolls, etc. clean.I thought there were so many orderable menus in the comic cafe chain. There are not many kinds of comic books, but they are all covered and in good condition!. How nice of you!  (as of 2019.09.26)The facility is very clean. I hope you always keep your cushions, dolls, etc. clean.I thought there were so many orderable menus in the comic cafe chain. There are not many kinds of comic books, but they are all covered and in good condition!"
김현호,It's the best.. There is a regular bowling alley on the 3rd floor and a rock bowling alley on the 4th floor.  The facilities are wide.
김형규,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
김형식,"The structure is like an old bookstore. There's a cave forest with couples. It's a place where the past and the present coexist. I didn't expect much, but I was surprised that the owner told me the title of the comic book, depending on people's taste. It's so nice to go to the bookstore.   Oh, and this is a good restaurant for dried filefish. I can't stop eating once. ᅲᅲ"
김형욱,Kingsman is fun.
김혜란,"I came to Garosu-gil from time to time, but I didn't know there was a place like this until now. LOL. I bought a fixed ticket for 3 hours and played with my friend, but I lost track of time.I'm going to go again next time!"
김혜림,"The food at the famous restaurant Cocktail Restaurant is also delicious. But the view is more delicious. The view is really pretty when the sun shines.. The employees are so unfriendly. Do the second store theme...We have them here in Hongdae and Bupyeong, too. If possible, I recommend another branch."
김혜진,"I'm satisfied because it's clean, has a good atmosphere, and is cheap. The boss is very kind too!!!!!!"
김홍석,The bowling alley counter is really rude.
김효진,"I went there with my friends and had a lot of fun playing board games, darts, and so on!!! The food was so delicious. I think I will go there often."
김휘수,"Cards, acoustics, employees.. No card, no volume, no employee present"
깅가라미,"The staff is too unkind. The people in the next lane were like, ""I've only been in the finish line for a second on the approach, but they kept throwing, throwing, and throwing late."" So I thought it would be better to move the lane than to say it myself, but the staff asked me to move it, but the staff came to the new lane and told me that I could come up to the finish line. Actually, I was playing with full equipment, but did you think I wouldn't know? I'm just saying it because it's so uncomfortable, and it's not pleasant to find fault with. I don't want to go again because the approach is very bad.Folding"
까다로운남자,It's clean and very nice!! I strongly recommend! I want to go every day.~~^^. It's clean and very nice!! I strongly recommend! I want to go every day.~~^^
깜,"It's good to take a walk. The scenery of Han River is nice to sit down, and Garosu-gil, which has beautiful cherry blossoms are beautiful.. It's good to walk quietly. It's fun to find hidden rabbits."
깡다,"There is no fun, no emotion, no joy, nothing but futility left..."
깨끗한 물티슈,"A very good time, a place where we made memories."
깨진알,"Let's play a solid coin singing room, and Mike is okay with it, and as of April 16, let's finish the semester as soon as soon as possible."
꼬끼오,It's the best.
꾸,I don't want to waste a single star. Story (The Prison) is less likely and the hint-maker employee (Mr. Man) is too unkind;; answer me as if it's annoying and frustrating and come back with some service training somewhere..... I don't want to waste a single star. Story (The Prison) is less likely and the hint-maker employee (Mr. Man) is too unkind;; answer me as if it's annoying and frustrating and come back with some service training somewhere....
꾸아,"I went on a date with Namchini this weekend, and the atmosphere was so beautiful. I fell in love with the world. I made a lot of recommendations to show off to my friends.Haha, pretty!!"
꾸웩,"When I first opened it, I went to the middle school and the owner didn't have much knowledge about the machine, so I remember that the response was very poor when there was a problem. He didn't even have a pro shop. What's going on now?. The facilities are good, you're kind, everything is good, but the staff is rude and the resident team is ignoring you. When it's dirty, it feels very different. These days, there are some lanes that have problems with the pinceter, and one or two employees are quick and friendly, but most other employees are very lazy and unkind. Please change your mind if you get stabbed while watching the review. Because of you guys, customers are falling out of the good bowling alley and rumors are bad.Folding. The best bowling alley in Gangseo-gu!!! The facilities are good, the staff are kind, and above all, the proshop is excellent. The Jigong is perfect.. It was remodeled not too long ago, so it was very clean, but honestly, the rain condition is a mop maintenance, so it's just that.But the pro shop is very kind and good for you.. It was remodeled not too long ago, so it was very clean, but honestly, the rain condition is a mop maintenance, so it's just that.But the pro shop is very kind and good for you."
꿀꿀이,"It's cheap, but it sounds a little quiet."
꿀돌순이,"Wow, I almost cried when I went in with my son and ate Carbonara. The clean taste is excellent... Boss, thank you so much for opening the store in front of my house. I'm really living thanks to The Cafe than I am these days. The taste is basic, but the interior is neat and modern, and the owner is the best~ Please continue to~ Please~. Wow, I almost cried when I went in with my son and ate Carbonara. The clean taste is excellent... Boss, thank you so much for opening the store in front of my house. I'm really living thanks to The Cafe than I am these days. The taste is basic, but the interior is neat and modern, and the owner is the best~ Please continue to~ Please~"
꿈꾸는QA,cherry blossom 
뀨,"I ordered it too late, but I didn't know that I couldn't make the menu for a long time due to lack of ingredients, and when I changed it, the other menu I ordered before was missing. I don't think I'm the only one who does that...ᅲᅲ"
뀰,The floor is sticky.
끼끗,"Think about your personality before you curse at the long-haired employee.. Employee opening. LOL. The review staff is awesome. Or did you pay for the money? Personally, I'm fine. I am"
나,"a subtle touch. 0. Before you get a guest, you should pay attention to setting up your room. There's a box open from the very beginning. What'sir. I kept wondering about it, but I wasted my time, and it turned out that it was an important clue to the second room.  I solved all the problems in the first room, but the boxes are open, and I don't know where to use the last key. I spent 10 minutes hanging her, and I ended up calling her on the intercom. I managed to get in there, and the time...To see more details. not much"
나나,"I want to go because of the good facilities, but every time I go, the part-timers are hostile."
나나나,You're almost as bad as kicking me out of waiting.  I've never seen a bowling alley like this.
나는 련우다,a neat and friendly cartoon cafe
나는 미완성 행복하고파,It's the best.. It's the best.
나래,It was better than other franchise comic cafes last year. But it smelled so bad and the smell of the bathroom... Dusty hair on the floor... It doesn't seem like a blanket at all. I can't read books because of the smell... Please come back...ㅜㅜ
나를 찾아 떠나는 여행(강재욱),"I like clean and fresh interior, spacious space, and the latest sound facilities.It's close from the station."
나먄아니면되,"12,000 won for 1 person. 24,000 won for 2 people. Scratching because it's annoying. If there are no people, it's unlimited. If it's full, it's 2 hours. As soon as it's 2 hours, the drinks are free. Give me a cake. Wrong."
나며누기,"There are three branches here in Hongdae. Don't go all three of them. There's a reason why it's so cheap, there's no story, and how ridiculous it was when we really escaped."
나모,"When I came in after saying that the three songs were 1,000 won, I found out that the facilities were clean and good, but the sound quality of the songs was blue and changed people's voices. I am writing a review with blanking out two songs and money."
나비보벳따우,"It's very, very beautiful and has a nice view."
나상준,"I was thinking about going somewhere with my friends, and I remember going to the smashing ball in Busan, so I went in and had a lot of fun. Thank you. I'm glad the staff were so kind.~~"
나영현,It was fun bowling. I love it's good!
나예선,"It was hard to find the entrance because it was hidden, but when you come in, it feels so cute and cozy! Fruit Pavlava was really delicious!!Fresh cream on top of meringue pie, and fruit. It was fresh and delicious.I like the cost-effectiveness and the cute details that I can feel that the boss has affection for the cafe. Haha"
나은,I like the themes because they're fun and the staff is kind.
나이트서퍼,There are many things to enjoy as well as see. Photographs are essential.
나필균,0. 0
난알아요,I didn't know there was a rock bowling alley in myeonmok-dong.I'll have to visit you soon.. I didn't know there was a rock bowling alley in myeonmok-dong.I'll have to visit you soon.
남 도연,"It rained so much that I ordered chicken pizza with my friends and went to play with them, but I was really satisfied.The biggest advantage of being able to take outside food! It was better because all the drinks and snacks were unlimited. The employees and the boss are so kind, and the price is reasonable!!! For 100 revisiting doctors! But you didn't spray too much air freshener when cleaning up!. It rained so much that I ordered chicken pizza with my friends and went to play with them, but I was really satisfied.The biggest advantage of being able to take outside food! It was better because all the drinks and snacks were unlimited. The employees and the boss are so kind, and the price is reasonable!!! For 100 revisiting doctors! But you didn't spray too much air freshener when cleaning up!"
남현,"Boss, you're so kind. We're having a discount event. Let's go."
내가짱,"You're so, so, so... Go learn manners again."
내사랑님과함께,"I sometimes use this place with my friends. I heard it'll come out when I search, so I don't think it's polite to just go. I'm leaving a grade. The facilities are clean, and the part-timers and the boss are kind and good."
내삶의술,The atmosphere is so famous in my neighborhood.. The atmosphere is so famous in my neighborhood.
내일은좋은일이생길거야,Tell me the hours of operation.
냉정하고객관적인자세,a good place to run. a good place to run
냉정한 평론가,"Good service and facilities. As expensive as it is, it's perfect for hanging out with friends."
냉철하게판단,Good good
냉평,"I usually go up to the 4th floor after receiving payment and guidance from the basement. The basement was much wider than I thought. There are board games and drinks and snacks. What's unfortunate is that there are a lot of part-timers, but they don't tell you anything. Everyone does not deviate too much from the desk radius, but only by hand gestures. So ask a lot of questions;; what are you doing over there~ You can go up. Like this, yes. So I gave him 3 stars. The part-timers on the fourth floor were nice. Explain in detail what you don't know. And what's sad is that it's a little more expensive than the average room escape price? I thought it was 1.8~20,000 won, but it was 2.2 million won. (by my theme) Still a room escape fan, I'll do it: (folding). I usually go up to the 4th floor after receiving payment and guidance from the basement. The basement was much wider than I thought. There are board games and drinks and snacks. What's unfortunate is that there are a lot of part-timers, but they don't tell you anything. Everyone does not deviate too much from the desk radius, but only by hand gestures. So ask a lot of questions;; what are you doing over there~ You can go up. Like this, yes. So I gave him 3 stars. The part-timers on the fourth floor were nice. Explain in detail what you don't know. And what's sad is that it's a little more expensive than the average room escape price? I thought it was 1.8~20,000 won, but it was 2.2 million won. (by my theme) Still a room escape fan, I'll do it: (folding)"
냐냐,It's romantic.
냔,"I've been waiting for an hour and a half for the delivery order, but you want me to cancel the order because it's missing? I'm so angry.  It seems like this happens a lot, but if you can't, don't take orders."
냠,Normal.. The levers are always the best.. The levers are always the best.
냠냠,"First of all, unkindness."
냠냠냠,"The theme is cute and fun, and most of all, the staff is so kind that I want to go there again. I've tried two different themes, one of the missing and one of the secret agents, and it's so much fun that I want to try all the other themes. LOL!"
냠냠이,Okay.. Okay.. I was fooled by an SNS ad.
넌내맘1도몰라,It's a place I visit with my girlfriend every time I go to Hongdae. The atmosphere is nice! Funny! Two birds with one stone! I'll visit you again later!!
네로,"As soon as I got my drink, I knew why you said you were a part-timer."
네오,"Very unfriendly. The one who takes orders. He brought food, threw it without a word, and just left. The food isn't as great as it is. There's no review in the Angan Sea, but if I were you, I'd skip this place."
네츄럴히어로,The store is luxurious and nice.. The store is luxurious and nice.
노란개미,"I'm so touched by Sabis' mind! I drank beer service and after 3 hours, I was hungry. Grain powder service! I've never seen a house with so many services. Thanks to you, I'll have fun again~!!!!!!!"
노랑,Cute cats roam around...!. Cute cats roam around...!
노래,"The best children's playground with such a cute name. The slide on the 2nd floor, the fountain of the mini pond, and the fun wooden road are so nice. But please take care of cleaning and set up more benches for your parents. I want to give you 9 points."
노량진,"It's an unlimited cocktail because it's so unfriendly whether it's a part-timer or an employee, but I noticed ordering cocktails. I don't want to go again because you're so unkind.. It's an unlimited cocktail because it's so unfriendly whether it's a part-timer or an employee, but I noticed ordering cocktails. I don't want to go again because you're so unkind."
노소현,He was kind enough to teach me all the games because I only played games that I couldn't play. It's a warm atmosphere with a lot of regulars.
노엘,"When you eat kimchi, chives, and pork belly together, it's delicious.  The price was cheap and everything on the menu was fine. I'm surprised that dessert ice cream is of high quality like buying it.   recommend strongly at the base of the foundation"
노웅철,"Excellent acoustics monitoring, Mike. Clean facilities. Water is expensive, but drinks are very cheap. The bathroom is clean. Sillim is good to live in."
노재원(프르니),It's the best.
노준호,"It's not enough stars. It's just nice. Maybe it's because I didn't ask for a hint.We'll wait, we'll eat snacks, we'll do it if we don't have a crazy code.. It's not enough stars. It's just nice. Maybe it's because I didn't ask for a hint.We'll wait, we'll eat snacks, we'll do it if we don't have a crazy code."
노호진 형제,Thank you for visiting the multi-room.
노희찬,0
논리와팩트,"I went to eat lamb, 30 sausages, pork and other low-priced meat, 70. I was forced to mix them. The host seems to be inverted."
농노3,1919.03.01 Historic Places
농담곰,It's a very clean atmosphere! I liked it.
누구게,a total of eight lanes
누구세요,I started off pleasantly because the counter clerk was pretty and kind. I'm satisfied that the staff listened to my request without showing any annoyance.
누렁,It's a little less likely.
누리는💓,"It was the most beautiful view of Hangang Park that I have ever visited. If you want to enjoy the Han River, Oh Se-yong! I want to visit here again to get a beer and watch the night on a fine day...*_*. It's nice to see the Han River wide. The parking lot and amenities (toilet, convenience store) are well-equipped.. It's in the middle of the city, but the grass is spread out and there's a lake-like pond, so I could see a few people on a picnic with a mat. It is a more beautiful park in spring because there are many cherry trees.The National Museum of Korea is right next to you, so please visit the park!!"
눈누난나,"The table is big and the game is well managed, so it's neat. It was good because you explained it well and the game was all difficult. :)"
눌눌,0
뉴,All right.
뉴뉴,"Where the rail and the atmosphere are all set, this is the invincible zone."
늉♡,"I was worried about your review, but it was good. When I first went into the room cafe, when I asked the bathroom, I had no part-time job except when I went out. The room was okay and the price was good.Each room has its own air conditioner. I went to a cafe with my friend. I liked it. But I don't think I washed a blanket for a long time.. I was worried about your review, but it was good. When I first went into the room cafe, when I asked the bathroom, I had no part-time job except when I went out. The room was okay and the price was good.Each room has its own air conditioner. I went to a cafe with my friend. I liked it. But I don't think I washed a blanket for a long time."
니에베,"A place where the description of alcohol makes people feel good. If you want to make me feel better, go."
닉네임을 등록해 주세요,Kind and nice.
다다다,"I went and did the re-bom theme. The day I went there, the part-timers didn't have any unkindness or problems, but when I saw the review that they were trapped... Before I went into the room to escape, I felt that the safety information was definitely lacking. There's a lot of locks on both sides of the blanket and re-bom.Personally, I didn't think it was funny. I didn't feel the room theme and the story connected smoothly. I've been to many room escapees, but I want to come to another interesting place and do it again. There's something like this, but there's no doctor here.Folding. I've tried the treasure and Dracula, and I recommend this place if you have a lock and you like the device. They're not that kind of a staffer, so they're a star.. I've tried the treasure and Dracula, and I recommend this place if you have a lock and you like the device. They're not that kind of a staffer, so they're a star.. I went and did the re-bom theme. The day I went there, the part-timers didn't have any unkindness or problems, but when I saw the review that they were trapped... Before I went into the room to escape, I felt that the safety information was definitely lacking. There's a lot of locks on both sides of the blanket and re-bom.Personally, I didn't think it was funny. I didn't feel the room theme and the story connected smoothly. I've been to many room escapees, but I want to come to another interesting place and do it again. There's something like this, but there's no doctor here.Folding"
다다리,"I don't have many books, but you took good care of it and it's cozy inside. be cheaper than a franchise"
다라,I think he's the boss. He's so unkind. The guests are nicer.
다섯,"It's just an easy escape room cafe. The hints are unlimited. If you get stuck, you can ask. The kindness of the staff is usually... The price is usually.... It's just an easy escape room cafe. The hints are unlimited. If you get stuck, you can ask. The kindness of the staff is usually... The price is usually..."
다영,It's the best.. It's the best.
다음초보,Rock bowling alley is exciting. There's a variety of entertainment machines. It's like a club.
닥터슬립,Why can't you turn off your bike?
단속반,"It's safe to say that they don't provide any education to part-timers. If you ask a part-timer who is responsible for a problem, you are busy passing it off without any responsibility. I guess it's decided to do it roughly with the manual.  As I can enjoy more freely than PC room, I visited a little after 21 o'clock with the idea of playing a game with food, but after 10 minutes, I took a seat and went to order food...To see more details. 0"
달,"Worst story, worst service ever.. I felt like I was just getting it right. The space is small, the locks are so.... Worst story, worst service ever."
달군,"How many songs are there for 1,000 won?. How many songs are there for 1,000 won?"
달님,I'll be there for sure.
달려라 꾸,1.Too few event games compared to the batting average. 2.No fitting room. 3. Oil is dry before 3 games.
달려라네오,"The Han River Citizens Park in Amsa-dong has a natural sandbank on the Han River if you go up a little further to the end of the park. In summer, you can enjoy Bonas! where you can enjoy sand with fine riverside sand."
달려보자,`
달빛그림,It's the best.
달은..해가..꾸는..꿈,It's the best.
담,Kindness good to go alone. Kindness good to go alone
담이,"The one below is a rating-cutting jam. The boss here is kind and there are a lot of new devices that are not available elsewhere. If you have a room escape from Daehak-ro, I recommend you."
답이없다,"It's so fun to go bowling, except it's a little far from my neighborhood.. It's so fun to go bowling, except it's a little far from my neighborhood."
당산참새,It's the best.
댕댕이,"The theme of the room is all fun. It's been a long time since I played games with my boyfriend.. I was confused by the comments, but I searched them and found them. The part-timers were very kind. Maybe it's changed. My boyfriend and my friends go together and have fun.Ah.. I was confused by the comments, but I searched them and found them. The part-timers were very kind. Maybe it's changed. My boyfriend and my friends go together and have fun.Ah.. It was quite difficult, but I'm proud to pass."
댕댕진,I saw the sunset. It's so beautiful.
댜니,"Cafe interior design! It's very sophisticated! Lemon Cherryade was so delicious, too!"
덤벨,"It's underground. It's so humid and it smells like mold.The bathroom is so dirty and the games are old, so there's something missing in the components. The staff were so nice, but the facilities were terrible. I didn't want to stay here long."
덩그러니,I don't think so.
덩기덕쿵,"The owner is kind, the facilities are clean, and the fried rice restaurant is so good,. The owner is kind, the facilities are clean, and the fried rice restaurant is so good,"
데니스,This employee here is so cheap. Does the CEO of the bowling alley know this? I can't find any kindness. There's no such thing as this.
데이지,Every book I look for doesn't have it.. Every book I look for doesn't have it.
덱셀,Ozandi Square LOL
덴마크,Just very good
도꼬,"Two songs for 1,000 won.. He told me to pay 10% of the card fee when I tried to pay with my credit card.The ring was rusty soon, so I went to get as many customers as I could, so I told you to come next time."
도로롱,"I really liked this place so I went there often. When I went there recently, I was having a meal and he emptied the trash bin right behind me, so I was really upset.  Not only our trash can right behind us, but also the trash can next to us... ...should you have done that when you were eating? And when the staff was putting the ingredients in front of me, I was wondering if my hands slipped.To see more details"
도리,It's neat and there's a lot of games. It's okay. Don't drink coffee. It's not delicious...
도마뱀,"Tteokbokki is 4,500 and the amount is too small and the taste is not good. When I heard the cushion, I found out that it's not organized when others use it, even if there are things in it, the smell guy won't come back again.. Tteokbokki is 4,500 and the amount is too small and the taste is not good. When I heard the cushion, I found out that it's not organized when others use it, even if there are things in it, the smell guy won't come back again."
도민,"The staff is very kind. There was a woman and a man, and I felt good because they were so kind from explanation to entrance and out! Instead, I felt sorry that Titanic theme felt like solving math problems rather than a device.. The staff is very kind. There was a woman and a man, and I felt good because they were so kind from explanation to entrance and out! Instead, I felt sorry that Titanic theme felt like solving math problems rather than a device."
도서관,"I went to see a review that the part-timer was unfriendly, but there wasn't much change, and it's good to play games because there aren't so many people! But coffee is really bad..."
도여니꺼,"There are so many things to play and the atmosphere is amazing. The original bar? Bar's clean, but bathroom's dirty, and I'm surprised it's clean. Cocktails are the best I've ever had."
도영상,It's the best.
도헌,"I think it was so nice that I could enjoy many things! I watched cartoons, got massage on massage chairs, and played without knowing time passed!"
도현,Please take the garbage I brought --. We'll make the place beautiful.
독,"The staff is kind, but the game itself is not good enough. There are many kinds of quizzes and the story and quiz don't mix well. Close to solving the quiz itself Activity Theme wasn't that active even though we did the best theme, the hint of moving two or three rooms is a lot that I don't know what you're talking about."
돌,Okay.
돌발소년,"I can't even see handmade burgers that are more than half of the menu just because the boss is away during the week.That's why I went... That's what I said, but I'm planning to go out and buy some snacks thanks to the part-timers who couldn't communicate with the boss.. I can't even see handmade burgers that are more than half of the menu just because the boss is away during the week.That's why I went... That's what I said, but I'm planning to go out and buy some snacks thanks to the part-timers who couldn't communicate with the boss."
돌쇠,"Your kindness, cleanliness, service is the best...If you're happy, you can sing a song by Sevis."
돌아다님,"The back door's dark, so it feels like a road to hell, but it's okay if you go through the front door.. I like it because it is expensive but comfortable and there are so many comic books."
동그란도토리,I think I should pay more attention to the service than the blog ad.
동네,It's the best.
동동,"I lied down in the lounge to sleep, and I turned on the music so I couldn't sleep."
동우,"Wow, ○○○ is expensive. The three of us got 70,000 won for two games. It's much cheaper to just take a taxi and play somewhere else."
동휘맘,It was so much fun. I want to go again.
돼지재홍이닷,"It was my first time to go to a multi-room, and it was great. I was happy because I had a stomach game, popcorn, and drinks.LOL"
두고보자,"I only support the Korean team, not the cheering tool."
두바쿠,"Surprised by the interior... Surprised by the music...I had so much fun. I liked the variety of cocktails, too. I like being close to work the most.. Surprised by the interior... Surprised by the music...I had so much fun. I liked the variety of cocktails, too. I like being close to work the most."
둥,"It's all good here, but the bathroom isn't well managed. There's a dead fly in the sink. Why is the towel hanging next to you? Do you want me to share towels with everyone? the overall mess of the bathroom. The price has increased by 5,000 won.. It's all good here, but the bathroom isn't well managed. There's a dead fly in the sink. Why is the towel hanging next to you? Do you want me to share towels with everyone? the overall mess of the bathroom"
둥글게애인,Don't go into the grass.......... is this it? Hehehehe
둥두루,"Are you an employee foreigner? He's got a poor accent, a poor pronunciation, a terrible calculation."
듀공,"The boss is cheerful, has a lot of games, and the store is clean, so I really enjoyed the game.I recommend you to haha!"
듀스,Friends~ And thank you mom. For writing a rating without me knowing. LOL. It's been two months since it opened. I look forward to seeing reviews from real customers. - The president of my friend's house on an empty day.
드라프,"This is my first time to go to a room escape with my girlfriend.It was so much fun. I'm gonna go back. It's so amazing and there are so many things, but I found out about the trend late. So much fun"
드림드림,"It is thankful to have such a park in Seoul, but traffic is so inconvenient. The parking area is too small."
드미트리,Facilities are the best in our country!. Facilities are the best in our country!
듸,"The boss is so kind, and he has a lot of books and he's clean.  If the baby customers are noisy, it seems like they are quietly paying attention and caring for other people. They clean the seats right away and the food is delicious."
딸기스무디,The space was small for three people to share.
딸기크림라떼,"I used to go there often, but I became so unkind. polyphosphorus angina. I used to go there often, but I became so unkind. polyphosphorus angina"
떡먹는 펭귄,"I went to Sinchon because I had work to do, but I had some time to rest. I liked the massage because it wasn't that bad.  There are many kinds of organic tea and coffee, so it's fun to choose from. The interior is also bright and cozy.  Just like the name of the cafe, I had a healing time. I recommend~♡"
떵손🙈,It was my first time there were so many things to enjoy. I didn't know time was passing by. I just like the massage chair in this weather.
또또맘,"I arrived imagining a wonderful view of the silver grass, but it was removed by more than 70 percent, and the rest of it was being cut down by machines. For those of you who are coming here, I think it's better to just exercise rather than see the scenery."
또롱또로롱,Two rooms a day~ One was so fun. One was so scary. I recommend ᄒ. Two rooms a day~ One was so fun. One was so scary. I recommend ᄒ
또롱아빠,"I recorded it and e-mailed it, but it didn't come... You got me right. It doesn't seem to have transmission function at all. The facility is poor, but it costs 1,000 won for four songs.. I recorded it and e-mailed it, but it didn't come... You got me right. It doesn't seem to have transmission function at all. The facility is poor, but it costs 1,000 won for four songs."
또르륵,The atmosphere of the store is so exciting and I love it. I got 100 points for the cocktail!
뚜기,"The taste of the drink and the atmosphere of the store are so good, but they don't give me happy points every time I go.I didn't even know I got points because I didn't get a few points.I found out from the receipt."
뜨,"It's good, but when you explain the game, your breath smells bad."
뜨루,"I came at 9:30 and they told me to go to the left lane (the first lane), but I didn't give up the scoreboard. He didn't give me a discount, so I hit it once and suddenly a female employee came and said I had to wait for an hour. When we called, he said he could hit me right away, so I asked him what he meant, and he said he had to wait because he couldn't make a reservation. Then you should have told me in advance. I asked him and he didn't say anything. So I went to the counter to cancel it. He said he was on lane 8. He said he didn't apologize until the end. He's the only one here. It's hilarious, cancel it, just leave and say sorry at least 20 minutes. When you cancel, you don't have to ask for a card, you have to stand still until we give you a card; you'll think you're sitting on the counter like him all day long.. I came at 9:30 and they told me to go to the left lane (the first lane), but I didn't give up the scoreboard. He didn't give me a discount, so I hit it once and suddenly a female employee came and said I had to wait for an hour. When we called, he said he could hit me right away, so I asked him what he meant, and he said he had to wait because he couldn't make a reservation. Then you should have told me in advance. I asked him and he didn't say anything. So I went to the counter to cancel it. He said he was on lane 8. He said he didn't apologize until the end. He's the only one here. It's hilarious, cancel it, just leave and say sorry at least 20 minutes. When you cancel, you don't have to ask for a card, you have to stand still until we give you a card; you'll think you're sitting on the counter like him all day long."
띵석,I enjoyed all the themes. It was great.
라라,I don't know why you're talking to a customer like that. Time goes by to ask continuously because you explain the hint roughly... They're all locks. ᅲᅲ
라랄라,"I tried it yesterday because it was Rock Bowling Day and it was so fun!!! There's a lot of light balls for women to hit, clean facilities, and I'm going to go every Monday.I want to play until dawn on weekends, but I'm a little sad that it's a weekday, but thank you for having such a place in Konkuk University.~~~~~"
라미,You read comic books in a warm and comfortable weather. I feel good because you're kind and I go there often.. You read comic books in a warm and comfortable weather. I feel good because you're kind and I go there often.
라이어니,"It was close to Seonreung station and there were a lot of board games, so I had a lot of it.~Drinks are also sold in regular cafes, so I think it was good because it was a good taste. It was also a room for us to hang out with.I think I'll revisit Sunneung Station if I have an appointment next time.Haha. It was close to Seonreung station and there were a lot of board games, so I had a lot of it.~Drinks are also sold in regular cafes, so I think it was good because it was a good taste. It was also a room for us to hang out with.I think I'll revisit Sunneung Station if I have an appointment next time.Haha"
라이어어언,"I agree with Mr. Impulse's review. Everyone else was so kind, but the employee who gave me a hint on the intercom at the counter! I thought you were so mean to me that you wanted to fight.... I agree with Mr. Impulse's review. Everyone else was so kind, but the employee who gave me a hint on the intercom at the counter! I thought you were so mean to me that you wanted to fight..."
라익디스,The disadvantage of having such a good facility is that you have to wait on weekends.Wait for bowling. Play billiards or ping-pong.~~~~~ The billiard room is great too.
라임,It's the best.
라임오렌지,The cheering image of Seoul Plaza can be used as Oh Se-hoon's achievement later.
라티,"The part-timers are so kind and nice! It looked good because there was a two-person table covered by a wall! I was glad that you didn't bother me even if I asked you to explain the game. And I just ordered a chocolate latte, and it was nice to see her smiling face. Other drinks are popular, too. I think I'm going to take my friends with me again."
랍스얍스,"I was excited. It was really fun! The money seems to be unified everywhere, but the themes were great. Good. I was excited. It was really fun! The money seems to be unified everywhere, but the themes were great. Good"
래빗,"Ventilation and cleaning are poor, so the air is stuffy, the microphone speaker is not in good condition, and it's 1,000 won for 3 songs.. Ventilation and cleaning are poor, so the air is stuffy, the microphone speaker is not in good condition, and it's 1,000 won for 3 songs.. Best at Gangnam Station... The microphone speaker facility is the best and the service is generous."
랜턴,"It was hard to climb up, but I liked the sky because it was pretty."
랩잇,I've been there four times.
러시아숲,a nice place to empty your mind and get some fresh air. Yeongdeungpo Pigeons Gathering
레오폴드,"The lane is fairly short. I think I cut it down to put a lot of cars in a small space. It's also too expensive as everyone else thinks. I understand that it's 6,500 won per game per person on weekends / 2,000 won per person, but you have to order one drink per person. I've never seen a bowling alley like this before.6000 won for an Americano... It's more expensive than Starbucks.  They say that they're doing a lot of guts as the seats are available, but this seems too much.. The lane is fairly short. I think I cut it down to put a lot of cars in a small space. It's also too expensive as everyone else thinks. I understand that it's 6,500 won per game per person on weekends / 2,000 won per person, but you have to order one drink per person. I've never seen a bowling alley like this before.6000 won for an Americano... It's more expensive than Starbucks.  They say that they're doing a lot of guts as the seats are available, but this seems too much."
렌즈씨,There is an iPad skin store
렬이,Okay.
로켓,"I enjoy eating pimacs a lot, but the whole pimac is delicious!!"
롤,It's the best.
롬,Beau Good
롸롸,Normal.
루루,It's peaceful. It's good.. Dirty and unmanaged
루미에,"Some of them weren't organized, and some of them were loose, and some of the explanations were a little weird. And one of the part-timers was kind, but the one who explained us was very unkind.. Some of them weren't organized, and some of them were loose, and some of the explanations were a little weird. And one of the part-timers was kind, but the one who explained us was very unkind."
루시,"It's nice and clean! I have to order a drink. The cheapest price starts at 9,000 won. The bowling alley is a little expensive."
룰라,It's the best.
룰루랄라,"I went out with my boyfriend and it was so much fun!! I'll go to another room again!. It's a place where I often go to hang out with my friends, and the facilities are so nice and neat.lol lol lol lol I should go this week.I recommend you to do this~. I went out with my boyfriend and it was so much fun!! I'll go to another room again!. It's a place where I often go to hang out with my friends, and the facilities are so nice and neat.lol lol lol lol I should go this week.I recommend you to do this~"
류tr,You'll find out.
류경숙,"I think I went to Japan for a short time. It's a small prop, and I remember the owner's dessert skills.. I think I went to Japan for a short time. It's a small prop, and I remember the owner's dessert skills."
류범선,Room Escape from the New Flower Road in Gangnam
류승진,The boss explains the game so well that I can easily access games I don't know well.
류정진,"There were so many games! I used to play a lot of board games, but now that I'm here, there are so many new and fun games that I didn't know time was passing by!! And I really liked how unlimited tickets cost only 6,000 won!!"
륜하,It's neat and nice.
르루,"Only three of you have one hint, but nothing more.ᅮᅮᅮ Some people try it out and I asked him if he could give me a hint because it's a difficult stage, but he said it would be like asking for the right answer. It's a rule, so even if it can't be helped, it takes a few minutes because there's no important UV lamp battery inside; it seems like there's a little less connection between the problems. It'll be better to have more room escape cafes on time.. Only three of you have one hint, but nothing more.ᅮᅮᅮ Some people try it out and I asked him if he could give me a hint because it's a difficult stage, but he said it would be like asking for the right answer. It's a rule, so even if it can't be helped, it takes a few minutes because there's no important UV lamp battery inside; it seems like there's a little less connection between the problems. It'll be better to have more room escape cafes on time."
릐나,It's spacious and comfortable. The bathroom is clean!
리버리버,The best comic cafe I've ever been to!
리뷰,"It's not spacious, but it's a nice, clean, comfortable atmosphere."
리뷰러,A good place to take a walk and exercise. a bright atmosphere
리뷰리뷰,"Lots of books, but an employee? The part-timers are different than ever. It's hard to find a place that's so bad. Even if I ask him, he only nods his head. Especially the red-haired man seems serious. What's the boss doing?"
리안,"A tall, bang-up female part-timer is really unkind.I won't go again.. A tall, bang-up female part-timer is really unkind.I won't go again.. A tall, bang-up female part-timer is really unkind.I won't go again."
리얼 솔직 후기,"First of all, this is a voluntary review. This is the best. The boss is so kind and he loves board games. He's the only one in the country who lives here, but he still uses public transportation to play board games. Next time he collects coupons and drinks for free."
리얼후기만남김,0
리커버리,But make both sides of the road look better.. It's cozy and nice.. It's a great place.. It's a great place.
릴라,Day-Too Day-Too First Day-Too
림보,It's the best.
마곡사랑08,"It's nice that the park is nature-friendly and beautiful. In addition, it is connected to Seoul Botanical Garden and Hangang River."
마늘,Worst Service Worst Flexibility. Worst Service Worst Flexibility
마당발,"Parking is very inconvenient...    The K Hotel has not donated? We transfer public land to and use it privately. Also, the management of the culture and arts park is paid with taxpayers' money, and the use is exclusively used by The K Hotel, and parking is almost impossible for ordinary citizens.   In the name of a citizen..."
마루치,I went there in the morning and it was very quiet so it was easy to find the location because it was located in the food alley!
마리사,"The location is so good that there are too many people on weekends. ᅲ You have to wait a long time to go to the bathroom once.. The location is so good that there are too many people on weekends. ᅲ You have to wait a long time to go to the bathroom once.. It was nice to have unlimited time, drinks, and fried rice at 11:00 to 18:00 on weekdays."
막가롱,"The way the boss or manager spoke was very unpleasant. I asked him to bring us a game from a company he wanted to play, but the company is only fun for young children with a blunt way of speaking. If you don't know, just take our recommendation. He ended up unilaterally bringing in the game and explaining it without asking our doctor.;;;; I understand the intention of making the guests play fun games, but the attitude of ignoring them completely was ridiculous even though we made it clear that there was a game we wanted. Later, I secretly asked another employee to play the game we wanted, and we had a lot of fun, and he treated our customers as ignorant people who didn't know board games, so I felt uncomfortable all the time. 0% of revisit intention to fold. The way the boss or manager spoke was very unpleasant. I asked him to bring us a game from a company he wanted to play, but the company is only fun for young children with a blunt way of speaking. If you don't know, just take our recommendation. He ended up unilaterally bringing in the game and explaining it without asking our doctor.;;;; I understand the intention of making the guests play fun games, but the attitude of ignoring them completely was ridiculous even though we made it clear that there was a game we wanted. Later, I secretly asked another employee to play the game we wanted, and we had a lot of fun, and he treated our customers as ignorant people who didn't know board games, so I felt uncomfortable all the time. 0% of revisit intention to fold"
만경이,The cost-effectiveness of escape room is so great!!. The lost treasure theme was fun!. The lost treasure theme was fun!
만두,"I found a nice board cafe after a long time.. I've been there with a friend, but I haven't escaped. LOL. I've been there with a friend, but I haven't escaped. LOL. I went there to break the escape room seal. It was fun."
만해,"The microphone is loud and loud. Above all, I like the room because it's big!! If it's too small, it's like an arcade or a karaoke room."
맛도사,The unkind part-time job song is too small.  The volume is small even if you turn up the volume with the remote control. off one's gills
맛따라멋따라,extrusion b.
맛맛맛,"The unique concept. Maybe it's because it's so hot these days, but I fell asleep when I was using a massage device without the air conditioner. A nap hot place?!. I don't know the side dishes, but it's a place where you can play simple darts games, beer, and cocktails.. I don't know what it's like when there's a lot of people, but it's okay?. The unique concept. Maybe it's because it's so hot these days, but I fell asleep when I was using a massage device without the air conditioner. A nap hot place?!. Lane kept getting into trouble, but it was good for many people to play."
맛박사,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
맛없으면굶음,"I've been there so many times, but I can see it's getting worse and worse.Don't order NolSup tteokbokki because it's not good anywhere else. Especially cream tteokbokki is really bad.. I've been there so many times, but I can see it's getting worse and worse.Don't order NolSup tteokbokki because it's not good anywhere else. Especially cream tteokbokki is really bad.. I've been there so many times, but I can see it's getting worse and worse.Don't order NolSup tteokbokki because it's not good anywhere else. Especially cream tteokbokki is really bad."
맛있는게좋아,Neat drink. Kindness. Board game components are sometimes empty.
맛집만 리뷰쓰는편,"Since the song is from the 90s, it is a perfect reproduction of hip-jiro and cocktails well; if you take someone who is in the military, you'll order a reserve army night (Yeogeobam) if you're a good drinker, please recommend a drink to an elephant."
맛집좋하,"Kind and nice. It's not that cool, but I'm just taking a rest."
맛집탐방러,It's a place where I keep thinking of cats because they're pretty.. It's a place where I keep thinking of cats because they're pretty.
맛집탐험가,"It sounds better than good. The sound of breathing is so loud in the microphone itself that people who sing well will be embarrassed by the sound being too loud. In other words, it is not recommended to those who want to go to practice singing because there is no sound of flying and the sound of MSG is added. But it's neat and has good facilities, so most people will be satisfied when they go.. It sounds better than good. The sound of breathing is so loud in the microphone itself that people who sing well will be embarrassed by the sound being too loud. In other words, it is not recommended to those who want to go to practice singing because there is no sound of flying and the sound of MSG is added. But it's neat and has good facilities, so most people will be satisfied when they go."
망구루,"The standard of patriotism is different for each person and cannot be graded. As an ordinary citizen, the park is very nice. What a nice park."
매너핸섬,"I think it's the best bowling alley I've ever been to. If you use the event plan well, you can play less than half the price. If you play billiards, table tennis, and bowling, you can have a good day! I'm so satisfied. Be prosperous!"
매운닭강정,"The worst trash bowling alley ever. It's dirty and has a lot of scratches on its cheeks, and the rail is also nuclear waste level. The boss speaks like a servant to the customer. I've never seen such a cheap boss in my life. I can't leave my NAVER rating, but if I had to leave it, it would be zero."
먕,"The comic book store itself is spacious and nice. But the other guests were so noisy that I was going to suggest it to the staff, but they seemed to be talking. I don't think he'll ever come back because it's not just a moderate chatter, it's a real nerve racking.. The comic book store itself is spacious and nice. But the other guests were so noisy that I was going to suggest it to the staff, but they seemed to be talking. I don't think he'll ever come back because it's not just a moderate chatter, it's a real nerve racking."
머쩌뽀,a surprisingly good facility in a shabby neighborhood I'm satisfied.
먹는 것이 힘이다,I don't like it.
먹는낙,It's a karaoke with a low score.. Okay.
먹방여행*^^*~~,"The bowling alley is so clean and the coffee on the snack corner is so delicious.*^^*~~. Gangbuk-gu bowling alley Ssangmun-dong bowling alley facility is perfect.And the maintenance machine is also the new type!!! It's a new bowling alley, so it's completely clean.~~. The bowling alley is so clean and the coffee on the snack corner is so delicious.*^^*~~"
멋쟁이,"I want to give you zero, but I don't have one."
멋진Joe,"We have 40 non-smoking seats and 20 smoking seats. 100% new book availability. You can also rent comics, martial arts, comic, pure love, New Ruby, Yaoi, and even Donginji. ^^;"
멍냥이,"I just called to ask, but you sound really bad. I don't think you're thinking of going back to the bayonet."
멍멍,"I have to pay for all the movies, and I don't know if it's a guy with a ring or a real ○○○. I'll never go again. I'm really upset, and I'm talking down to you."
메롱가지,The facilities are good and the contents are full. The Best Room Escape Cafe of all time
메르시,"There's a lot to do and it's fun, but I don't know what's wrong with the way I talk when I work as a part-timer on weekends at 3:00. Welcome-- key, please.If you're going to do something like that, straighten your face. You're making me feel bad. The other guys were fine."
메이피르,"There aren't many types of games, but there are plenty of seats available instead. The interior is a little dreary, but the bathroom is clean and there is no problem with the game.. There aren't many types of games, but there are plenty of seats available instead. The interior is a little dreary, but the bathroom is clean and there is no problem with the game."
명세인,0. 0
명탐정,I can't believe the latest edition is 2015.. I can't believe the latest edition is 2015.
명태말린살,"The facility isn't just clean. It was a little uncomfortable because the TV was too high for me to go to because it was cheap. If I lie down and watch TV, I'll have a neck disc.. Muy precioso!"
명현,Cocktails are delicious. Don't order chicken.It's like a rock.
모날로그,The people who work are kind and explain the game well.The price is reasonable. You came back from playing a good game with your boyfriend! I strongly recommend it.
모리상,"I came back from the Mi-Room with a lot of devices, so I think room escape room 2 is a device room. Even beginners will enjoy it without any difficulties. Employee's kindness."
모수,Quality....below. Quality....below
모아,It's good to spend time doing this and that!  It's so nice to be here on a date with my friends when it's cold these days.
모하징(건우지우맘),"I've been worried because I can't find it on the web. Good. Except for the cold December and January, it's good to have a rainy Saturday and Sunday. It's good to have a ride next to Danghyeoncheon Stream. Poly playground is good next to you. Children's rent is free and you can bring your bike to practice.. I've been worried because I can't find it on the web. Good. Except for the cold December and January, it's good to have a rainy Saturday and Sunday. It's good to have a ride next to Danghyeoncheon Stream. Poly playground is good next to you. Children's rent is free and you can bring your bike to practice."
못,"I also paid a lot of taxes. Don't go to Seoul Plaza to cheer!~~~ We have to boycott everything before we get beat up by the inspectors, and this time we have to go to COEX, not Seoul Plaza."
무경,It's highly recommended. - Precious memories in a cozy atmosphere. You can feel them.^^*. It's highly recommended. - Precious memories in a cozy atmosphere. You can feel them.^^*. It's highly recommended. - Precious memories in a cozy atmosphere. You can feel them.^^*
무적고양,"I don't know how many times I've come to my life's Maratang restaurant, Hot Pot, and Maratang Cheodori. Most of the staff members are young, but they greet me brightly every time I go out, not just eating food, but also taking energy.  I don't have to go to the West Bridge. I love you for the soup, and the price per gram is Tabrand, so if Anbi ssam is ruined, we should protest."
문,It's the best.
문수,"I'm going to give you a song request. Please tell me to request as many songs as I want. While waiting, the device? It was so fun to do it; it was comfortable because it was a sofa seat. I'll be back."
문수훈,Welcome ^^
문스레이네스,Best
문어,"A short sleep theme recommendation. The theme was good, but the staff wasn't good. They were men and women, but they couldn't explain anything properly and were sloppy. I didn't give you a quick hint, and the staff blamed me for the time being over.. A short sleep theme recommendation. The theme was good, but the staff wasn't good. They were men and women, but they couldn't explain anything properly and were sloppy. I didn't give you a quick hint, and the staff blamed me for the time being over."
문은애,"I've been to many exotic cafes, but among the places I've been to, the facilities are the most diverse and clean, so I liked it."
문정인,"Please set me up at Migeum Station in Zebal. Every time I try to eat Sonokong, I go to Hapjeong."
문지호,It's so nice.. It's so nice.
뭐라구요,I looked it up after listening to the song. Is this a park or a vacant lot?
뭔데말해바,"As if it's a good place to hang out near Suyu Station, you can play all day with 5,6000 won on weekdays, and maybe it's because of the recent renewal, interior design, comfortable design, and delicious drinks (try blue lemonade or chocolate latte) Anyway, there are a lot of easy games to the latest board games, and the part-timers explain it well, so it was fun to stay up all night until 5 am."
뭔들,"The facility's not bad. I've used it a few times, but part-timer training is a little be unpleasantly unfriendly"
므ㅏ,"There's a cozy, crowded club street, quiet bar here."
므므,"A sudden change from 4 songs to 2 songs for 1,000 won without saying a word. A sudden change from 4 songs to 2 songs for 1,000 won without saying a word"
믜,It's novel that the story is connected.
믱,0. 0
미나니,It's the best.
미니,"I had some time left, so I went in for a while, but it was bigger than I thought, and it was bigger, wider, and better.~~. I had some time left, so I went in for a while, but it was bigger than I thought, and it was bigger, wider, and better.~~"
미락여행,It's the best.. Okay.
미랑,"It's just a normal... When I went underground, the stairs smelled like mold, so I was surprised... The scent of the air freshener was so strong inside the cafe that it was a little uncomfortable."
미미,I don't like it.
미미네,"Choi Jin Sa Game is the best! But it's fun to do it as a group rather than as an open room. The staff kindly explained it to me, so I had a lot of fun.. Choi Jin Sa Game is the best! But it's fun to do it as a group rather than as an open room. The staff kindly explained it to me, so I had a lot of fun."
미쉘,"It's just, like, a place where I'm enjoying twice as much, and I've already become a regular...LOL. Chef's kind and attentive dishes and sweet remix vodka and barista's sincere coffee are the only ones who know. Anyway, I think I'll find it often with my friend.I'm sorry that I'm in America for a while now, but I'll have to find it when I get back"
미슐랭 쿠,It's so delicious and pretty.^^
미스태리💕,It's quiet and cozy!!!
미스터선,"I heard that the staff was unkind, but he was so unkind.. I heard that the staff was unkind, but he was so unkind."
미식가,"one's favorite neighborhood dangol I was so depressed, but I only had a place to go to karaoke. He added two more songs when he sang as if he had been abandoned in the world. Thank you. As other reviews said, there are many people because of its good location and sound quality. So the waiting is long. Instead, they sometimes give me a few more songs when there's no one around. I just want to express my gratitude, so I register stars.. one's favorite neighborhood dangol I was so depressed, but I only had a place to go to karaoke. He added two more songs when he sang as if he had been abandoned in the world. Thank you. As other reviews said, there are many people because of its good location and sound quality. So the waiting is long. Instead, they sometimes give me a few more songs when there's no one around. I just want to express my gratitude, so I register stars."
미영,It's good to go on weekday evenings or when I'm not busy. I get a lot of new rights and Jjapagetti made by a part-timer is delicious.
미윰,The boss is kind. I got candy for White Day.LOL
미쨩,"I was thinking about what to do with my boyfriend, and he asked me to go to a room escape cafe that I've never done before, so I had so much fun. Hehehehehehe. I realized at once why it was so popular. Why did I go there now? The staff members are so kind and thank you for letting me make good memories! I hope you prosper."
미히,"Totally unkind of a male part-timer. She mumbles to herself, and when I ask her again, she'll look so stiff. She'll never come back.. Totally unkind of a male part-timer. She mumbles to herself, and when I ask her again, she'll look so stiff. She'll never come back."
민경태(명아),The atmosphere is good. Because it's expensive.
민규,It's clean and has a lot of books. The sofa was the most comfortable comic room I've ever been to.~~
민선기,I was glad that you were kind to me even though you must be tired because the number of customers has decreased a lot. Haha
민수,It's good to rest and comfortable!. It's the best.
민식이냐,There aren't a lot of rock bowling alleys.. There aren't a lot of rock bowling alleys.
민야,"The challenge was successful, but I've been to a lot of places where I'm totally disappointed by the unkindness of the staff, but I've never felt this way before, and I've never paid money for it, and I'm not happy with"
민영,"Mr. Grant, you're kind and nice.. Mr. Grant, you're kind and nice."
민이,"It was nice to have various kinds of games!! :). The bosses are so kind and smiling. And there are so many games and explanations, so I'm coming again next time:). It was nice to have various kinds of games!! :)"
민재,"If there is a waiting team after 1 game, you have to step aside.We played a game on two lanes, but we had to move to the first lane, and the price was also unfriendly to the staff on the second floor of BISAM."
민정,"It's the only cafe that's open on the day of Chuseok, where I visited to have a cup of coffee! The coffee I was looking for was here. Booking regularly as of today:). It's the only cafe that's open on the day of Chuseok, where I visited to have a cup of coffee! The coffee I was looking for was here. Booking regularly as of today:)"
민정이,"It was good to have so many books.  Especially, there are a lot of novels.I think Daeyeoseobis is good..."
민지냥,"I'm sorry, do you call this food? It tastes like chocolate banana water because it doesn't match the amount of water. Dinner is salty, smelly, and it's such a waste of money. ᅮᅮᅮ Are you hiring any part-timers? For some reason, I just wanted to end it so I wouldn't come back, but it's so mean.. I'm sorry, do you call this food? It tastes like chocolate banana water because it doesn't match the amount of water. Dinner is salty, smelly, and it's such a waste of money. ᅮᅮᅮ Are you hiring any part-timers? For some reason, I just wanted to end it so I wouldn't come back, but it's so mean."
민트,There are too few comic books.There's no special facilities like any other forest. Foot massage electric pad charger lamp
민트초코,A little ambiguous cafe.. Cats are so cute and delicious. Cafe chairs are uncomfortable.
밍,The staff are kind and nice.☺. There are various board games and the food is delicious.. I liked the wireless micro-sound system and T.J.. There are various board games and the food is delicious.. I liked the wireless micro-sound system and T.J.
밍구리,I used to do Ghost Protocol and it was really hard and fun. It was the best. Thank you for your consideration. It's the best! Make sure to take a picture after escaping in time.ᅲᅲ
밍지,"I didn't close the door; it's A-wing, so check it out,. I didn't close the door; it's A-wing, so check it out,. I didn't close the door; it's A-wing, so check it out,"
밍터,"Perfect to go in the fall. It's okay to walk.. Nothing to see.. Good. But it's so generous.. The weather is nice and everything is good, but don't report your shoes. It's hard."
바게트,The food court is really bad. It's better to eat at the store.
바다사랑,I don't like it.
바람고리,burglary hazard
바람과 나,a small comma in Nakseongdae. a beautiful park with a small but everything.
바이올렛,"It's spacious and comfortable, but I often hear the sound of game consoles or group chatter. The staff only warn me when it's really bad.. The facilities were neat, the staff was kind, we had a short sleep theme, and the story and the components were all great.. The facilities were neat, the staff was kind, we had a short sleep theme, and the story and the components were all great.. Quiet and the cats are so gentle!!"
바지우,unkindness
바티스투타,"I don't know, but bowling people don't have a small number of lanes, poor oil maintenance, no elevators. No elevators."
박건우,I was glad that the employee was kind. I'm going to visit again next time. Haha
박건호,The service is less than 1 point along with the number of comic book branches.
박광해,Why didn't you know that now? the best of the best. Why didn't you know that now? the best of the best
박기남,Okay.
박기태,The part-timer is so cheap. I don't want to go again.. The part-timer is so cheap. I don't want to go again.
박남수,It's so nice to go out.
박대호,"It may be a little inconvenient for people who go for the first time, but it's a convenient system for people who go often."
박도숙,It's good to see the trees spread out.
박동조,One song for 500 won. Please refer to it.
박디듀,the worst place to throw away the worst money
박민구,I like it because it's quiet.. I like it because it's quiet.
박민애,A place where you can talk while drinking cocktail in the cheapest and most comfortable atmosphere in Hongdae!
박민지,"Normal.. It's nice because the facilities are neat! The boss is kind and the books are clean.. Normal.. Normal.. The boss was so kind and the staff kindly informed me that I went without knowing anything, but I made it well! It was hard to choose because it was cheaper than other stores, and the ring design was pretty and diverse! A/s is always available, so make a pretty couple ring here. (I recommend you make a reservation!). Normal.. Normal.. The boss was so kind and the staff kindly informed me that I went without knowing anything, but I made it well! It was hard to choose because it was cheaper than other stores, and the ring design was pretty and diverse! A/s is always available, so make a pretty couple ring here. (I recommend you make a reservation!)"
박병연,lamb skewers without lamb skewers
박병영,I like the Indian playground.
박봉옥(ㅇㅎㄹㄷㅇ~),It's the best.
박서완,I was offended by your attitude toward service.. I was offended by your attitude toward service.
박석호,"I don't have zero stars. I was unfriendly when I was playing games, but I just hit it and paid for it, but later I checked my credit card history and it's a shame.;;; Three of us had to pay 7,000 won each, but we paid 21,000 won each. When I found out, I called and questioned him, and he said he had paid the wrong amount of money, but he didn't apologize and said, ""If you want the money back, come to the store."" That's all he can say. Are you kidding me-- Get the rascals and do the business."
박성민,He's so unkind.
박성용,"It's two songs for 1,000 won, but it's neat and there's an air conditioner in every room."
박성우,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
박성인,"The last one in your study was open, so I got mixed up.. The last one in your study was open, so I got mixed up."
박세정베로니카,It's the best.. It's the best.
박세진,"It's good because you can pay for the automatic card. The microphones, music, echo volume settings are different in each room. Please adjust the speaker quality."
박소현,Normal.
박수민,Coffee is delicious and bread is really delicious.
박수정,The drinks are delicious and the atmosphere is warm.
박수진,"It was really too expensive and the rails were short and weird...I was looking at the blog and it wasn't the price; I was sorry that I could play another game with that money.Two of us went on Monday afternoon, and each game cost 13,000 won............"
박숴,"You're all very kind, and you've explained it in detail. I had a really fun time with my friends after a long time.I was there for 5 hours.LOL"
박슬기,Funny and well-organized. Discounts on revisiting with pictures. Funny and well-organized. Discounts on revisiting with pictures
박승우,0
박시현,It's clean!
박우석,The mood is ruined!
박우진,Best board game place!!!!!!. It's the best.
박운석(천장지존),Good bowling certificate증♡^
박윤일,It's the best.
박인우,I don't like it.
박인철,"I had an appointment at Yeongdeungpo Station, and I stopped by Palm Square and went up to the bowling alley. It was a place where I could enjoy various sports such as dating and meeting place that was not the bowling alley that I had thought so far, so I was surprised and envious of having such facilities in my neighborhood. I'd like to use it more often from now.^^. I had an appointment at Yeongdeungpo Station, and I stopped by Palm Square and went up to the bowling alley. It was a place where I could enjoy various sports such as dating and meeting place that was not the bowling alley that I had thought so far, so I was surprised and envious of having such facilities in my neighborhood. I'd like to use it more often from now.^^"
박잎새,Okay.. It's the best.. Okay.. Okay.
박재만,It's fun. I've done a secret room before. You did a good job. I was satisfied overall except for the small waiting area.. It's fun. I've done a secret room before. You did a good job. I was satisfied overall except for the small waiting area.
박재용,I always didn't know it came because I ordered a drink but didn't ring the bell.. I always didn't know it came because I ordered a drink but didn't ring the bell.
박정재,It's the best.
박정현,"It's good to be separated, but male part-timers are really unkind."
박정후,"I went there because it was my friend's birthday. She likes cute things. I didn't know that I was in Gangnam, but I liked it more because I was in Gangnam. I'll stop by on my next friend's birthday. ~. I went there because it was my friend's birthday. She likes cute things. I didn't know that I was in Gangnam, but I liked it more because I was in Gangnam. I'll stop by on my next friend's birthday. ~. I went there because it was my friend's birthday. She likes cute things. I didn't know that I was in Gangnam, but I liked it more because I was in Gangnam. I'll stop by on my next friend's birthday. ~"
박정훈,"It was my first weekend, and board games were fun, karaoke, massage chairs, and many things to enjoy, so it was really great!! It's so cold these days that it's hard to enjoy everything in one place, but it's so nice to relieve my fatigue and enjoy it's fun!!"
박종하,It's the best.. It's the best.
박종호,There are many games and the staff are very kind.
박준렬,"I went over the reviews, but the room is small and there's nothing. ᅲᅲ"
박준옥,"Oh, part-timer is really unkind. It's not like this at any other branch, but don't expect any service aspects."
박지성,"The entrance is not visible from gs25, but if you turn left and go to the entrance to the parking lot, there is a stairway that comes down to the outside.  The only way in is through the stairs outside."
박지현,It's the best.. It's the best.
박지현!,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
박지호,"It's a waste of a point. The staff is unfriendly, expensive, and the worst."
박진만,The scenery is nice.
박진영,It's the best.. It's the best.
박진우,"Would you like to go when you have a lot of time? very satisfied. This place is so pretty. Someday I want to enjoy the scenery and have a cup of coffee.. It's the best.. It's fun to play without time limit.. It was a room cafe, but I couldn't find anything different from a regular cafe.. Comfortable indoor environment. a plain board cafe"
박찬빈,"I'm gonna have to be a little nosy if you don't want me to tell you how many times I've never played board games, or if you don't know how many times I've been talking about it, let's be nosy. It's not worth the game. And besides that, they're talking, and the rules are, you know, all the rage.. I'm gonna have to be a little nosy if you don't want me to tell you how many times I've never played board games, or if you don't know how many times I've been talking about it, let's be nosy. It's not worth the game. And besides that, they're talking, and the rules are, you know, all the rage."
박철홍 🗣곰돌이 👥,Up to 9 for exercise and walking
박하얀,"First of all, I was glad that the people at the counter were so kind. It was good because the content was full and the interior was pretty.. First of all, I was glad that the people at the counter were so kind. It was good because the content was full and the interior was pretty."
박한솔,"I did something that was the hardest to chew, but it was so easy to wake up and why did you pay for it? The part-timer Hyun Taum explained it to me and took a weird picture of me. Anyway, if you're going to get out of the room, go somewhere else."
박현경,"It's perfect for dating, too! It's great because it's cost-effective and there are many kinds of books!"
박현수,"The boss is also kind, and the atmosphere is really something you can't see in the session! Strongly recommendable!    I'll be a regular customer."
박현호,Sinchon's Best Room Escape Cafe!!
박호용,It's the best.
박희수,"I don't know how many errors there are in a game. One drink per person, but the price of one game of bowling is one drink."
반미용,It's the best.
발업질럿,"The facilities are old, but most of all, the part-timers are very unfriendly. Especially, when I give you a hint on escape room, I hear it directly from a part-timer by radio, and I give you hints by showing that I'm lazy and answer questions very insincerely. I visited on the evening of the 23rd of January and if the president is watching, it seems urgent to train or replace part-timers. You can't say that you are a king, but I think you have to pay 44,000 won for basic treatment. Don't take this lightly and please consider it. Folding"
밤,0. 0
밥맹이,an extreme end-of-the-century concept It's like a meme store. It's fun to look around. Good Bam Kachu was impressive. Feels like a cafe rather than a bar
방기영,I think it's a good place to go out on awkward dates.
방랑식객,"I wasn't bored playing pool while waiting. Three of us played two games, and it came out to be 10,000 won. I like Yeongdeungpo because I want to go here again. I'm going to go at night next time!. My girlfriend and I both had fun with small things, so we were thinking about what to do and we visited. We did a great job! I'm afraid I can't get out...Haha. I can't go often, but I went a few times because my girlfriend likes it, but it was fun every time. Recommendation"
방은정,"I don't want to see it. Sometimes it fits me perfectly and sometimes it doesn't. I'm trying to reuse a plastic cup, but there's no evidence, so the cup is crumpled."
방정현,It's the best.
방진혁,"It's an unusual date course. Your girlfriend likes it. It was cold, so I dropped my muscles and came back muscles.  a cup of coffee after a break I was a little disappointed that there was no elevator for the Jota. It's a satisfying date course."
배가고파서a,Roll over~ The cafe crane is haha. Roll over~ The cafe crane is haha
배근원,"It's nice to be quiet. If no one knew,. It's nice to be quiet. If no one knew,"
배명수,It was good.
배슐랭,Seoul Forest sounds good. Good
배인효,"It's not a real rock bowling alley, it's not a formal bowling alley. Where you don't want to pay for the bowling alley."
배재훈,Cute and cute
배추김치,The service... not the youth.
백여 종군,"Please change to a tour bus, natural gas, or electric bus on the south side of the road, my nose is stuffy and coughing when I sweat, and the ox tree is dying from the smoke."
백예,"Price creation... Never. I'd rather go to Gangnam Rock Bowling Center, which has a much better atmosphere and price."
백주,It's the best.. It's the best.
백지연,The facilities are so neat. It's good to go bowling with girls.The glow in the dark makes me feel more excited!^^
백지현,"I was the hole, but... It's a little weak."
백채원,0
범,"The president's unkind response to the customer makes me feel bad. I thought it was just me, but there's already a lot of people writing. ᅲᅲ"
범국,"The food, the cocktails are so delicious and the kindness of the boss!! Good good"
베니88,"Kimchi stew and cream tteok-jjim are delicious. It's hard to find a bar in Gangnam that has delicious food and room type, but it's very popular because it's delicious overall. Except I.D.s are thorough and crowded, sometimes I can't come in."
베로니카,Cleaner and the best!
베베-베베,I love this place. I've never been to a comic cafe where I'm not lonely by myself.
별,"It's the best.. Kind and nice. Weekdays?The three-hour service price is 6,000 won in cash. Was it 3,000 won per hour? The drinks cost between 3,000 won and 6,000 won?"
별맘,"It's a lot of cherry blossoms. I've got a lot of cherry blossoms.. I was passing by because I didn't have any recent reviews, but I think active children over the age of 5-6 can have fun. The day after the rain, there was no water pit. It doesn't look very well managed. The 3-year-old girl was a little scared, so she just brushed off. I don't think she's going back."
별밤,The facility was spacious and clean. It was nice of them to be kind.. The facility was spacious and clean. It was nice of them to be kind.
보라,The food is delicious and the atmosphere is nice~!
보름달,"6,500 won per game (as of Saturday 6 p.m.) Shoes rental, 2,000 won cash, and music was so exciting that I went bowling while dancing.. Rent shoes and clean up bowling balls. Clean, sing, and play well. Weekends are fine except expensive ones.. This is TJ Machine Karaoke. There's a place where you can take off your shoes for 1,000 won.. The state-of-the-art ordering system of beer has been eating cold beer, boneless chicken, cheddar cheese french fries, gorgonzola pizza, and firework squid on thin ice.. It's neat and has a menu, so it's good to choose.. This is TJ Machine Karaoke. There's a place where you can take off your shoes for 1,000 won.. an escape room for the first time It was neat and the story seemed to have prepared a lot. An hour in a hurry!. 6,500 won per game (as of Saturday 6 p.m.) Shoes rental, 2,000 won cash, and music was so exciting that I went bowling while dancing."
보리차,"My favorite place is a dog cat, so people follow and play well. I like this comic book because it has the most kinds of comic book cafes around here. I want to buy a regular ticket.. My favorite place is a dog cat, so people follow and play well. I like this comic book because it has the most kinds of comic book cafes around here. I want to buy a regular ticket.. My favorite place is a dog cat, so people follow and play well. I like this comic book because it has the most kinds of comic book cafes around here. I want to buy a regular ticket."
보애,"It's 14,000 won for two people in cash for two hours, but when I tried to extend it, it was 9,000 won for one hour. It's 14,000 won for two people and the beverage is basically 9,000 won for one hour."
보우하,"I paid without knowing, but I wonder what this is. A description of the product is required.. The facilities are good, but there are too few kinds of comic books. I wasted my time looking for a book because I had nothing to see."
보통,It's the best.
복슬복슬알파카,"I like it because it has more shade than Olympic Park and is quiet and relaxed.. It's not cheap, but comfortable and fine.. With five cats. A nice place to watch cartoons.. Good facilities and new comic books!. A lot of people but nice atmosphere. Gutgut Sagittarius. Good facilities and new comic books!. cozy and nice. The width of delivery is too narrow for the number of floating population. The overall atmosphere is good.. Gutgut Sagittarius. It's not cheap, but comfortable and fine.. Not a pleasant feeling.. The combination of a comic cafe and a PC room. Good facilities.. a good place to see puppies. a good place to see puppies. +Escape room doesn't seem to fit me well. With five cats. A nice place to watch cartoons."
볼륨매직,A comfortable and good place to take a walk!. Memories are wriggling when I went to Namsan Mountain.
볼링마니아,"He's in a hurry to kick out a guest and he's playing bowling, but he's noticing from behind him. the unkind side of the staff The cheapest drink, coke, 9,000 won. He won't come back. a slight recommendation"
봄날,"I wanted to play baseball.I was looking for it, and... I think it's good to be able to stop by regardless of time.. I wanted to play baseball.I was looking for it, and... I think it's good to be able to stop by regardless of time."
봉쥬르,"When I went before, the cleanliness and service was really bad, but you've become very kind recently. I don't know if you've changed your part-time job or...LOL Ramen is delicious and pleasant."
봉천동꿀주먹,The view is good.
부끄럼쟁이,"Games are expensive, drinks are expensive, and song requests are not received more than once... Rain management is also a mess. It's not greased at all."
부끄럽쟈나ㅋ,Go to Gangnam station with your boyfriend and stop by when you're tired.. Go to Gangnam station with your boyfriend and stop by when you're tired.
부자,"How do you feel about going to your friend's house on vacationing with your parents? It's so cozy, it's so nice, it's so cheap. I want to go there again."
북북이,ka—
불결,"Where the stench of the toilet is really bad and the stench of urine is vibrating, the counterbo is unkind to the staff and there's never a second chance to go."
불량주부,"There's a brunch cafe in Hongje-dong.  Brunch set and coffee are 8,000 won. Toast, salad, eggs, and mushroom soup... I think it's a good idea for two girls to have one. We ordered tomato pasta for 3 people, but it was good because it was spicy. I ordered an ade made from the fruit syrup I made myself, but they gave me another cup for free, so three people ate a lot. It's clean, affordable, and delicious."
불만많은꿀꿀이,Joa. Jo아요a Kindness. Joa. Joa. Joa
블루텔 대표이사,"I really enjoyed the room escape cafe, and the room was so spacious and the air was so nice. There's a lot of mechanical stuff, there's no story connection, there's a lot of forced fit-ins, but Keystake's progress is why it's...It's this, right? It's also really fun because it's connected, and the interior design was so good to match the theme of the room, so the immersion was amazing!!! I really really recommend it!!!!!!"
비얌,It's clean and the boss here is kind and has a lot of books.. It's clean and the boss here is kind and has a lot of books.
비온후햇살ㅛ,"I just went with my family and relatives because it was Chuseok holiday. I don't want to waste a single grade. All the employees including the boss, you're a real bitch. If you want to feel dirty before bowling, make sure to visit. ^ ^"
비호,"The price of alcohol is enormous. Corona is 11,000 won. Coke is 1,000 won. 8,000 won. I don't think I can make it."
빅문,I went with my girlfriend and she really liked it. I think it's a great date course. Especially archery is a great move. It was so much fun~I'm going to go again next weekend!. I went with my girlfriend and she really liked it. I think it's a great date course. Especially archery is a great move. It was so much fun~I'm going to go again next weekend!
빅토리아,"It's a newly opened place, so it's bright and clean and friendly.~~. It's a newly opened place, so it's bright and clean and friendly.~~"
빈,I don't like the sound.. I don't like the sound.
빠우,All right:). All right:). All right:)
빡5,You're such a rascal. Where did you learn that?
빡보낸다,"Why are you going to Seoul Plaza? What's wrong with you? When they show this kind of face, they give it up and close their disadvantageous rally.... Why on earth are you going there, you stupid assholes."
빡침,"The coffee machine is broken or the game console is broken. I tried to watch a movie, but the Wi-Fi is broken, so I only watch real cartoons."
빤돌이,It's neat and I'll eat it. It's good! I strongly recommend it!
빨간맛,"It's too cheap to order drinks for 6,000 won per game, even if it's okay. The cheapest drink is 5,000 won, so the cost of renting shoes for a game is 14,000 won;;;;; the facilities look fine, but Alba is so... Not kind. not a single thing missing"
빵가루,"If I were close to home, I would like to go every day. The facilities and the bathroom are clean and great.~~. If I were close to home, I would like to go every day. The facilities and the bathroom are clean and great.~~. If I were close to home, I would like to go every day. The facilities and the bathroom are clean and great.~~"
빵기,"I don't go to Konkuk University often, but it's almost like a course. It's the best date course ever.Time flies. We have a few missions left. I'll smash it."
빵이조앙,"Who goes to a cafe when waiting for Ching Gu these days? The space was really spacious and I could turn off the lights on the leg massager, so I was so comfortable."
빼앰,Thank you for your kind explanation. I enjoyed the game.~~~~. It's nice... but it really sucks in the bathroom. Everything is good except the smell of the bathroom. ...
뽀꾸빵,"All the employees are sitting down and they are playing board games, and they are more noisy than people, and they are too dark to press the button to change, and the only advantage is clean design.. All the employees are sitting down and they are playing board games, and they are more noisy than people, and they are too dark to press the button to change, and the only advantage is clean design."
뽀로루,"It's a late-night business, so I went there after the company dinner.It's too good to go at night!!!!!!!! Wow!. It's a late-night business, so I went there after the company dinner.It's too good to go at night!!!!!!!! Wow!"
뽀빠이,Korea~
뽁뽁이,It's neat and has good service. I had fun with my boyfriend.Yo~^^
뽄나,Go to Han River in the spring and fall and ride a bike~ Picnic is really ^ 굿 굿 Good!!!!
뿅뿅,It's worse than the arcade singing room I used to go to in 2005.. Too noisy for kids I can't read books I'd rather not go unless it's a family unit.. Too noisy for kids I can't read books I'd rather not go unless it's a family unit.
뿌따따,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
뿌애애애,"The first feeling I had yesterday... I think the part-timer was being so rude because he wasn't in the store, and if he knew sooner..."
뿌웅뿌웅,Please protect the rabbit here. Please don't scare the rabbit who sleeps during the day. Please don't give me snacks or food. (Bunnies are herbivores)
뿌잉,"It's quiet, pretty, coffee is delicious, Wi-Fi is good. The desk and chair are convenient. It's the best place to read books in Mangwon-dong."
뿡뿡,"There are famous games such as Katan, Carthason, and Clue, but there are not many kinds of games.  Even on weekends, the cost of free drinks is 5,000 won."
쀼,"I'm trying to do a code name. It's a game that 4 people can play, but if it's 4 people, the game might be ambiguous. But it's okay. I asked if anyone's played the game before. Then what are you telling me to explain...? Isn't there a part-timer here to explain?Then should I explain all the games I know to my friends? The first employee you explained was very kind. I don't want to go again....I know it's annoying to explain the code name because I worked part-time at a board game, but I don't think I'm telling you to explain it to the customer because I don't want to...Folding"
사생활보호,The man here today is very kind.
사오정 / 김진우6학년때5반,Okay.
사이,"I like them all, but I want to play quiet music for me, for the cat."
사진여행,an air of luxury
산까치,The facilities are good and the air is good because it's on the second floor. I think I go there often.
살구튀김,"When we visited, the boss explained it so annoyingly that I was scared. ᅲᅲ"
살살,"I went there on Sunday, and the part-timer was the worst part-timer I've ever seen in my life. Really"
살앙에빠진i,"It's a cafe that I go to when I want to draw with my girlfriend. It's a cafe that I came to know by chance while surfing the internet. I can read books and draw pictures and drink tea. It's like killing three birds with one stone.LOL When I go on gloomy and gloomy days, I get a lot of healing. When I want coffee, I go play alone for a while. Next time, my boss will know.I'll see you again."
상엽,"I was going to pay 3,000 won for a convenience store ramen, but I got a 500 won raise and didn't change the price tag on the display."
상우,"Facility Gurim. Notepad is hard to erase, improbable, and brainless."
새앙쥐,"Visit the bowling alley once or twice a week. The staff who always welcome me kindly~ I'm not good at bowling... Thanks to the sales manager's teaching, I'm consistently scoring over 200 points. I always pay for a cup of coffee...It's perfect for learning bowling.I strongly recommend!!!!"
서교동완소남,It was so much fun. LOL! Strongly recommended!. It was so much fun. LOL! Strongly recommended!
서길동,^^
서덕겸,"It was not easy to find a good restaurant, but it was so delicious that I came from Nonsan.^^"
서동현,I'm annoyed with Saturday's closing part-time job and listen to it as much as you understand.
서로다함께 김태우,"a precious facility The lane is a mess, the balls are a ball or a rock."
서병길,I had so much fun the last cloudy day of my life.I'm going to try a cartel next time.. I had so much fun the last cloudy day of my life.I'm going to try a cartel next time.
서수진,"It's a bit embarrassing to say it's a bowling alley if it's too poor to manage the line, and there are only seven, so if there are too many people, it feels like a pub rather than a bowling alley. Cocktails are usually 15,000 won each and not tasty"
서슐랭,It's good to walk around:). It's the best.. It's good to walk around:)
서연,I went there today and it was so nice that you taught me so kindly! You were so kind and considerate even though we had the deadline.Haha. I went there today and it was so nice that you taught me so kindly! You were so kind and considerate even though we had the deadline.Haha
서영,"Is this place ruined?I'm about to grind it, but the fire is out and it smells like quaint.. The counterwoman was very unkind and there were a few broken balls, and there was a phenomenon in which the bowling pin was knocked over or failed due to a mechanical error, and the score was added."
서울,"The dancenta is not a rock bowling alley. The game fee is 3,000 won before 6 p.m. on the first basement floor, 4,000 won for weekend holidays, 1,000 won for shoes, and all year round.  ♥I take reservations, too."
서울러,"3,000 won for an hour. Do you need another word?. 3,000 won for an hour. Do you need another word?"
서인영,"It was so bad. Don't really go.   If I hold a song in a minute, it changes to a song that I don't know, and it's not soundproof at all.    It's so dirty."
서장원,"I haven't been immersed since the beginning. I didn't start with an eye patch on, and I didn't explain it well, so I didn't have anything to give you in the beginning.. I haven't been immersed since the beginning. I didn't start with an eye patch on, and I didn't explain it well, so I didn't have anything to give you in the beginning."
서재원,"I've been to a room escape room in Sinchon, Hongdae, and there's no such thing as a story, but I don't understand the price is similar to other places.. I've been to a room escape room in Sinchon, Hongdae, and there's no such thing as a story, but I don't understand the price is similar to other places.. I've been to a room escape room in Sinchon, Hongdae, and there's no such thing as a story, but I don't understand the price is similar to other places."
서재현,"I've been there many times, and it's cost-effective and delicious."
서종우,"When I was in Gwangju, I went there often and found it just in case.. When I was in Gwangju, I went there often and found it just in case.. When I was in Gwangju, I went there often and found it just in case."
서창훈,"It's a waste of a point. He was kicked out after a bout of drinking. 6,000 won for shoes, 3,000 won for drinks, 6,000 won for Americano for the cheapest, 10,000 won for shock."
서태규,It's the best.
서현서윤이 아빠~♡^^♡,"I happened to go in, and it looks like a new place, and it's clean and clean."
서효원,"I'm sorry that I haven't used it all... There are many fun experiences, so I'll go again next time!"
석우,It's the best.. It's the best.
석탄이아빠,It's easy to find and the night view is really nice.
선미,It's good for a walk.
선영이❣,"Everything's good, but please mark the delivery zone on the map. Please, please.ᅲᅲ"
선희,It was good.
설문규,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
섭세브,"Employees are kind and game diversity. It's good to get an extra discount if you order something, not a must. But after playing the game, my hands get sticky and dirty."
섭현노,Joao oon or expensive and not very kind. Maybe you shouldn't go bowling.
성민,It's the best.
성배(Ryan),The facilities aren't very good.. The facilities aren't very good.
성욱,It's the best.
성재,"There's a PC in the picture, but it's just a comic cafe.. What kind of computer doesn't turn on YouTube...  Please take good care of your computer. And the snacks are too poor."
성정모,Okay.. Okay.
성지혜,"I went to a room escape cafe with my friend after a long time, and it wasn't bad. It was not bad. There were some interesting elements and hints. I managed to escape, but because I escaped, I had a lot of it. LOL. I'm right in front of my house, so I go bowling a lot for fun with my friends. The boss is kind too. Now I go there often, but he recognizes me like a regular, so I think I go there more often. I'm having a lot of fun every time.. I'm right in front of my house, so I go bowling a lot for fun with my friends. The boss is kind too. Now I go there often, but he recognizes me like a regular, so I think I go there more often. I'm having a lot of fun every time."
성훈 (Sean),"The part-timer is really unkind. Be careful if you don't want to upset yourself before you sing.. I can't set up an echo, I can't hear a microphone, and Echo isn't in aah, so I just feel like I'm singing with the microphone on my back. absolute notation"
세느,Theme is fun and clean.
세리무,It looks like the best caffeine in Hapjeong!  I want to go again~^^
세상에,"Hongdae store is dirty, so I got used to the taste here, so I forgot the taste of malatang. But here, Maraxianguo wraps more than anywhere else."
세요고,There were a lot of interesting equipment and it was fun. The staff members are very kind. ^^
세젤맛탐방,I'm glad that SNS news and community are well organized.~Things on Cartoon Cafay.
세진,"These days, I've been going to places that are so common that I wanted to experience new things and went to the eye patch. I couldn't see anything. I was scared at first, but when the staff kindly explained it to me and got used to it, I had fun.Maybe it's because I didn't have a cell phone while I was returning it, but I focused on the conversation and got along better.Haha"
소라소라,"I went on Instagram to promote it, and it was really nothing. Just four tents on the second floor...It would be more romantic to put a mini-tent in my room... ...because the menu is not particularly delicious or cost-effective, nor the atmosphere or concept is unusual, I don't recommend it."
소비자,"It's a waste of 10,000 won because the kitchen utensils smell like dishcloth and alcohol."
소소,"This is crazy. I've done a lot of room escapees so far, and the two-story hall-to-wall bathroom is the number one horror theme. Five stars in fear stars.. This is crazy. I've done a lot of room escapees so far, and the two-story hall-to-wall bathroom is the number one horror theme. Five stars in fear stars."
소심한 물고기들,"Although the atmosphere of the past has disappeared, the fact that you can look down on Seoul safely because you can't get in the car is the most attractive place!"
소영,"I've been there twice, but it's unkind and not very good.. I've been there twice, but it's unkind and not very good."
소우주,"It's quiet, it's focused, it's neat.. It's quiet, it's focused, it's neat."
소풍,I don't like it.
손,The part-timer is kind enough to tell me. But I don't know if I can't solve it or what the problem is.. The part-timer is kind enough to tell me. But I don't know if I can't solve it or what the problem is.
손광현,Okay.
손오공,I ate grapefruit ade and blue lemon ade and it was really delicious! It's not bland at all and it's sour! The owner is kind too. It was nice because the store was pretty!
손현수,Okay.
손혜린,It's the best.. Okay.. It's the best.. Okay.
솔,0
솔솔♪,"I am looking at the part-timer's unfriendly cell phone and I am not asking for the setting in advance. I booked a study room for the first time in Hongdae, but I am disappointed in many ways."
솔아솔아,0
솔직평가,"All kinds of books are 90 percent of old tiger smoking books and 10 percent of new books, but the new ones don't come out quickly and there aren't many kinds of books.. All kinds of books are 90 percent of old tiger smoking books and 10 percent of new books, but the new ones don't come out quickly and there aren't many kinds of books."
솔직한평가,"It's convenient to prepare 1,000 won bills and water before 1,000 won for 4 songs of the cost-effective Karaoke you found in Sillim."
송명엽,It was more fun than I thought. It was a great time!. It was more fun than I thought. It was a great time!
송수진,"It's such a waste. Bobcut's attitude is so mean. You're training your way of speaking, aren't you? And it's really the worst thing to eat a horse when a customer says it. There's no oil on the ball to see if there's no oil on the rail."
송영철,"If you get 100 points for four songs, one more song is good! We'll give you five stars!!!"
송인석,It's a nice facility.
송재훈,"The service's good, but I can't smell the air."
송종원,The view is good and the drink is good. Nobody goes. I'm the only one who's going.
송준호,Okay.
송혁범,The atmosphere was nice and nice. It was good to talk to my acquaintances in a quiet atmosphere.
수많은알수없는길속에희미한빛을난쫓아가,It's delicious! It's nice with vegan options.
수면제,It is very exciting.King Wang Zang Recommendation
수민,The stars in my heart.... They're nice and fresh. They're clean. Hah!. They're nice and fresh. They're clean. Hah!. The stars in my heart...
수소,"There are a lot of criminals listed on sex offender alerts around here, so they don't use it very well."
수염난양말씨,"Unlike the exterior of the building, it's neat and nice. The boss is very kind, too."
수영,The cozy and kind cafe coffee is delicious too.
수정,I don't like it.
수크림,It's the best.
순돌,"Comfortable and nice. Cheap and kind staff. But the room is a little small, so I'll deduct 1 point."
순록,It's good to go when there's no one around.
순인,Okay.
술탄,The boss is kind.
숮2🍑,"I was a bit behind, but I had a lot of fun.. I was a bit behind, but I had a lot of fun."
숴,"I went with my girlfriend, and I played without knowing the time went by.The president is kind and I recommend him.~~~"
슈~~,"It's the first time I've ever had a room escape, and it's amazing. Your girlfriend is having so much fun, too.^^. It's my first time to come to the room escape room. I went there with a weekend discount, but I think I'll go there often because it's so fun. Haha. It's the first time I've ever had a room escape, and it's amazing. Your girlfriend is having so much fun, too.^^. It's my first time to come to the room escape room. I went there with a weekend discount, but I think I'll go there often because it's so fun. Haha"
슈룹,"It's good because it's cheap, but here's the peak of unkindness of the pro-shop branch... Pro-shop recommends other places."
슈미,It's the best.
슈슈,I'm sorry the staff is unkind.ᅲᅲᅲᅲ
슈퍼매직,I like it here. I don't understand why you gave me 1 point. It was the best forest I've ever been to.
슈퍼야근러,"The store with the highest sound price in the surrounding coin karaoke is 500 won, but this is two songs.. The store with the highest sound price in the surrounding coin karaoke is 500 won, but this is two songs."
슐랭팍,"As a room escape lover, Flatachi is satisfied with its themes (two stars) and services (three stars)."
슛돌이,I enjoyed playing games with neat tables and delicious snacks.A regular addition!!!!
스바루,"I went there because everyone liked it, but I'm so disappointed. Nothing but fried tteokbokki. The fries are completely soggy.The movie keeps popping up, but that's the original file. Board games have no pieces one by one. You don't check this?"
스카이,The boss is awesome!
스카이라피스,"I moved to Hwagok-dong and visited there. The comic book is clean and there is a sofa. The building seems old, but it is clean. I've been here a few times. It was the biggest and cleanest place I've ever been to.. I moved to Hwagok-dong and visited there. The comic book is clean and there is a sofa. The building seems old, but it is clean. I've been here a few times. It was the biggest and cleanest place I've ever been to."
스칼렛,"The music is exciting and shiny~ I heard that there's a rock bowling alley in Gangnam. Jungnang-gu also has a rock bowling alley. It's clean and nice, maybe because it's redecorated. Shoes are glow in the dark and the sense of spraying Febreze with new ones. I love it.LOL. The music is exciting and shiny~ I heard that there's a rock bowling alley in Gangnam. Jungnang-gu also has a rock bowling alley. It's clean and nice, maybe because it's redecorated. Shoes are glow in the dark and the sense of spraying Febreze with new ones. I love it.LOL"
스테,"The atmosphere is good, but the rain is so bad that if you don't think about the score and have fun, it's okay."
스포츠맨,"I like archery, bowling, and billiards. I think it's great to use as a group. I'll use it often.. I like archery, bowling, and billiards. I think it's great to use as a group. I'll use it often."
슬,He's kind and nice! But can't you do it until 1 a.m.? On the weekend. He's kind and nice! But can't you do it until 1 a.m.? On the weekend
슬기,I've been going to this place for a long time. It is not boring because there are various amusement facilities.^^
시나비바,"The facilities are good, but the employee response is rubbish."
시닝,Forced to throw a rude receipt and make a quick payment on the evening of January 11th.
시영,I think you got a good name. It was okay.
시욱♡시헌 맘,It's the best.
시저,The food is delicious~ There's a lot of trendy cartoons.
시즈,It hasn't been long since it opened. The board games are very clean. One drink per person is not required. He explains the rules of the game very carefully.~
시호아빠,Okay.
시훈,"Two songs are worth 1,000 won. The music is playing, and the LED light stick is coming... ..."
신논현 네일한 나,"I was going to come on December 23rd, but I didn't come because the reviews smelled. It was so cold today, so I just said let's just go. It doesn't smell like sewers or cigarettes at all. I don't know if I improved after reading the reviews or only on that day, but anyway, I had a great time playing comfortably. The ladies' room is clean and nice.I don't know because the groom said the men's restroom is outside, but I've never been there.. I was going to come on December 23rd, but I didn't come because the reviews smelled. It was so cold today, so I just said let's just go. It doesn't smell like sewers or cigarettes at all. I don't know if I improved after reading the reviews or only on that day, but anyway, I had a great time playing comfortably. The ladies' room is clean and nice.I don't know because the groom said the men's restroom is outside, but I've never been there."
신동일,"Yeongdeungpo is the only room cafe in the corner, so you can't see it from the outside, but it's quite crowded.Neung~"
신성례,Okay.
신신,It's the best.
신영종,It was good.
신우,The boss is kind.
신유리,I don't like it.
신이나,Kim Dong Ryul is the best
신정민 비오,It's the best! It's clean and sound quality.
신준국,Okay.
신지섭,All the board games are broken.
신혜영,"Boss, you're so kind and it's nice to get together. I recently had a group rental at a mania store on the 2nd floor, and the atmosphere was great!"
신혜철,The service is unpleasant
신호태,Normal.. Normal.. It's the best.
신희진,smelly guy
실리마린,It's clean and nice.~~
실버,"The theme of ""Hontema"" was really fun!!"
실제후기맨,"I came in order, but they said it was in order. Employees are not polite.^^"
심준우,It was fun! The staff was kind and firm!
싱가,"It's neat and has a pretty interior and a nail clipper, but it's a bit expensive."
싹싹,"The female part-timer was really unkind. It takes a long time to explain, so four of us can't play. Other employees were kind."
쌔깐혀니,Dirty crab wrap
썽루,"It's a waste of time. We didn't have much room, but the service was the worst."
쎄쎄주인,I'd like to give you a 5.5 rating if I like it. I want to come every day. Ramen is a good restaurant!!!!!!  There's a dog cat.. I'd like to give you a 5.5 rating if I like it. I want to come every day. Ramen is a good restaurant!!!!!!  There's a dog cat.. I'd like to give you a 5.5 rating if I like it. I want to come every day. Ramen is a good restaurant!!!!!!  There's a dog cat.
쏘다,"There are a lot of couples, so something anonymous is guaranteed.. There are a lot of couples, so something anonymous is guaranteed."
쏘이,0
쏠쏠라,I came to get some coffee and watched the cat goods for a long time. A small museum for cat lovers! Healing with a friend!
쏭,"One-person drink or menu selection is mandatory for 5,000 won per person per hour. LOL. The staff who is not so kind... I don't have much to read. Man's favorite cartoon. No comic book. It's so cold that I came in and came out in an hour."
쏭아지,"Mold smells bad and is very unsanitary in old buildings.  The ball is dirty; it looks like it doesn't take care of it; the girlfriend won't want to put on her shoes; there's no table for cell phones or drinks.  Maybe it's because there are some tourists and customers. Like, ""Hallam and Malam, go""?I can't help but say ""trash"" comes out.LOL"
쑤,"I went to Seoul to see my friend in Busan after a long time, and I had fun with my friend here. The staff explained the game easily and the drinks were really delicious!! If I go to Seoul again next time, I will definitely go!!"
쓔기,"I love reading books quietly.The coffee is delicious, too."
쓰까찌테이뿌,"The staff was kind enough to guide me, and I had a lot of fun with my friends all night long:) I think I'll go out again before the winter vacation ends:) It was Keirap party room jjang!!"
아그마곰,"I like it because webtoon masterpieces and comic books are updated quickly. I go there often with my girlfriend, and the room is clean. The food is so good that if you go inside, it won't come out well.LOL. I like it because webtoon masterpieces and comic books are updated quickly. I go there often with my girlfriend, and the room is clean. The food is so good that if you go inside, it won't come out well.LOL"
아닌건 아니다,It's totally different. The entrance fee is also BISAM. a slight recommendation
아라,"It's such a waste. I called you because it didn't play, but you didn't answer. I lost 2,000 won."
아르카타,"I got a ring this time, and it's so pretty.Thank you for teaching me meticulously!"
아리,Normal.
아무개,"It's expensive for a town. 5,000 won"
아보카보도,"I only take cash. Lots of you guys, lots of comic books."
아스라,"The new facility is clean and nice, so I'm having a good time."
아연,"There are so many cat goods here! If you like cats or animals, you can come and take a look! I'm so happy that the boss is so kind."
아이드리,"The quality microphone and the boss clean up often, so it's very clean."
아이디,Unkind.
아이리스,"Healthy and low-calorie, delicious pizza ^^"
아이스,"There's a cat. It seems like the kids don't say much even if they tease the cat. Poor cat.  Too many books, too little kids, quiet enough."
아이스크림,"It hasn't been long since it was built, so I think it's a good facility. I will use it often."
아이유,"I was so happy that the people working were so kind! The facilities were clean, the masks were so stuffy at first, but later I forgot to wear them. LOL. I was so happy that the people working were so kind! The facilities were clean, the masks were so stuffy at first, but later I forgot to wear them. LOL"
아임그루트,wind shaaaa. The boss almost muzzled me and told me to play bowling like in the library....
아주특별한비젼,Sauna facility is awesome.
아프리까청춘이다,I think the escape room cafe is really nice for a date course!!!!!!! It was so hard for me that I was able to lean on my girlfriend.I recommend other couples.^^b. I think the escape room cafe is really nice for a date course!!!!!!! It was so hard for me that I was able to lean on my girlfriend.I recommend other couples.^^b
아하,It's my first time in Seodaemun-gu. It's good.^^. It's my first time in Seodaemun-gu. It's good.^^. I don't want to go to the bathroom because it stinks too much.
안경국,"It's the largest room escape cafe in Konkuk University, so the scale is no joke. I'm so immersed in the story.. It's the largest room escape cafe in Konkuk University, so the scale is no joke. I'm so immersed in the story."
안녕나야,"The atmosphere here is nice, clean, and most of all, kind.~~"
안사장님,I'm sure the comic book cafes will come up with it's the place. LOL
안수민,"ᅮᅮI received a friendly consultation, but I just came out for personal reasons, and I was touched that you even said hello.I'm so sorry. Thank you."
안영준,"Unlined and ungreased. 4 games at the bowling center, 2 games for a cup of amé, and I feel bad."
안용준,It's neat and the beer is delicious.
안정훈,Male boss can't be counted. Ripple wasn't running for no reason.
안태준,"Rental shoes are so tight that they're not pushed at all; and as expected, I don't want to touch them because they're stuck in a house ball like a bandage."
안형주,It's the best.
암바사,"The atmosphere was nice and the pasta was really good. I saw a lot of couples, but the price is reasonable and it's not too salty or too sweet, but it's light and soft, so I remember it for a long time. I think it's a good restaurant in the neighborhood restaurant. ^^. The atmosphere was nice and the pasta was really good. I saw a lot of couples, but the price is reasonable and it's not too salty or too sweet, but it's light and soft, so I remember it for a long time. I think it's a good restaurant in the neighborhood restaurant. ^^"
애기깍끙,"I don't want to give you a single star. I used it around 9 p.m. on May 14, and the male part-timer is really unkind. That's offensive. I asked them to refrain from being noisy because they came as a group, but the part-timer pretended to listen. with a look of regret and a tone of saying that he's not my part-time job. Not self-contradictory. The service is the worst. If you're going to do this again, I won't use it. It's totally off-putting. Use another place."
애옹,It's so dirty. Sometimes I feel uncomfortable because the remote control and microphone are so dirty and greasy. I'm not leaving next time.
애터미No.1,"Facility management is the worst. I should have only played one game, but I thought I was going to get lung disease after playing two games."
앤,"Four songs are cheap, and the sound system is good. If you add 3,000 won on weekdays, you'll get three more songs."
얌마,Ohye-Sum-Tayaji
얍,It's kind of cool. LEGO and the game console.
얍삐,The boss is so kind!!
얏호,You're so kind.
양ㄹㄹ,I don't want to waste my ratings.
양나영,"It was dirty. It wasn' There's not much food to eat, and the cookies are all dried up, so it's unpleasant. There's no board games, no game consoles."
양석주,"I heard it was open 24 hours a day, so I went after 3 a.m., but it turned out that it was open 24 hours a day only on weekends? Business hours confuse consumers."
양지연,"Shrimp Potato On his way home from class today, Cheer up for today. Cheer up. Cheer up!"
양지인,It's the best.
양형열,The fun of bowling is different. Time flies.. The fun of bowling is different. Time flies.
양혜원,It was the cleanest comic cafe I've ever been to. It's comfortable and fun and comfortable.. It was the cleanest comic cafe I've ever been to. It's comfortable and fun and comfortable.
양혜진,It's a great facility.
어비스,Found Yueo
어쩐지오늘,"There are fewer comic books than I thought and I'm going to get drunk with the smell of scent. It's so cold that I have to sit for an hour and pay for a seat on the weekend. When you go out, you have to clean up what you ate at the counter and return it.  When I saw the cartoon, the staff ate ramen and slept in the cartoon. I've seen a couple of times you guys just leave trying to find a seat."
어쩜,Normal.
언제나 맑음,A place where you can rest for a while.
얼레리꼴레리,"The coffee here doesn't taste bad. No taste. It's a private store, but it's not cheap. It's the same as Tom Tom or Franchise. Then why here?. The coffee here doesn't taste bad. No taste. It's a private store, but it's not cheap. It's the same as Tom Tom or Franchise. Then why here?"
얼죽아러버,"The employees were so kind and nice!! The quality of the room may be a bit low, but it was fun enough."
엉터리타자,It's the third floor of the building next to the 30m Co-up Leisure at Exit 6
에비앙,"It's such a waste of stars. Only the interior is new and the bowling facilities are not good at all. The number of bowling balls was significantly small and the lane was in trouble, so I asked for maintenance four times, and the rain control was not done, so I wore bowling shoes and didn't slip, but the price was very expensive on the weekend."
에스프레소&크림,"It was good! When it's hot and you don't have anything to do, go!. It was good! When it's hot and you don't have anything to do, go!"
에이프릴,"I think it's a place that makes you feel relaxed in Seoul. It was kind of hard to climb up, but it was refreshing and nice."
엘리,"The bosses are so handsome, the most cost-effective, the best taste, the best atmosphere!! :)"
여기별로,"It's one drink per person, but the drinks and beers are very expensive, and I don't think I'll ever go again because they're so unkind.. It's one drink per person, but the drinks and beers are very expensive, and I don't think I'll ever go again because they're so unkind."
여긴어디난누구,The counter is pretty and all the staff are kind and I think it's really nice. I played rock bowling with my coworkers at the company dinner and they really liked it. It's very good to think of going there often.
여니맘,"A bar that I've been waiting to eat, Delicious Anju Heaven."
여조로,The atmosphere is quiet and cozy...The boss is also very kind and I love that he can park his car.
여행,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
연뎡,The facilities are neat and nice! The staff members were kind and nice. Hahaha
연슈,"There are many interesting comic books, good atmosphere, and many new books... ...but the downside is that the bathroom is outside and the window is open, so it is scary for a woman to go to the bathroom alone."
연주니,"I visited with my girlfriend, and the boss was so kind and I enjoyed the cocktail.  I loved the atmosphere and music. I'll visit you again next time."
열애사진,It's quiet and it's the best!!!   There aren't many people. It's quiet and nice to take a walk.  The night view of the fire escape bridge is wonderful. Hing haha. It's quiet and it's the best!!!   There aren't many people. It's quiet and nice to take a walk.  The night view of the fire escape bridge is wonderful. Hing haha
열음,"Wow~~~~~ I was upset because of the guy here, but I guess that's how you do it.~~~~~ She seemed to think of you as an uninvited guest.If you don't look good and want to buy snacks for your dog, pay as if you're lazy and sit in front of your laptop again. Don't go to a cafe if you're too lazy for a customer. I won't be going again.. Wow~~~~~ I was upset because of the guy here, but I guess that's how you do it.~~~~~ She seemed to think of you as an uninvited guest.If you don't look good and want to buy snacks for your dog, pay as if you're lazy and sit in front of your laptop again. Don't go to a cafe if you're too lazy for a customer. I won't be going again."
엽,We had fun and clean time. We had unlimited beer~~~~~~~~~~~~
엽떡은 신당점,It's fun.
영구기,I don't understand why you're playing with strangers when you're out of room during the day.ᅮ.ᅮ
영구오빠,"I love you, pretty girl."
영남,Ha
영더,"I don't know why there's no zero in the world. You said there's no cake (of course there's no part-timer!) The room is dirty, smelly, the price of cash on the card is different, the time left is not telling you, and the karaoke BGM keeps hearing weird things and the shoe closet is not closing. Part-time jobs are very unkind of course."
영수운,"The child has to clean and wide and disinfection is well, too, and these days without adult to do, like a good thing. I'm having fun with my kids.^^"
영원관세법인,"It's expensive, it's expensive, it's too crowded, it's too crowded to go."
영인이,"I like it because it's quiet and comfortable than other branches. I went and studied for a while, but I think it's better than a cafe. There is a big window, so you can enjoy reading books in the daytime with the view is also good. + Your boyfriend lost his AirPods yesterday, and even if he finds it and asks for a reward, he doesn't accept it. The owner's aunt and uncle are really angels, too. The part-timer was nice during the day."
영효닝~♥,The food is delicious and there are lots of seats. There is an arcade and board games are fun. I go there often.I hope you stay for a long time and not disappear.. The food is delicious and there are lots of seats. There is an arcade and board games are fun. I go there often.I hope you stay for a long time and not disappear.
영히,It's. It's. It's
예,Mix the best cheese in kimbob right away.
예담,It's closed.
예옹,0. 0. 0
예찌,"I enjoyed bowling with delicious cocktails in a good atmosphere! It's not cheap, but you can enjoy it as much as the price!"
예찡,"The name of the store is Kimchi chives pork belly, but the only thing that tastes good is chives. Kimchi is the taste of Chinese-made kimchi and pork belly has such a good rotation rate, why is it so bad? I feel like... It's better not to eat tteok-galbi that comes with it, and I ordered a set, spicy noodles, and an old lunch box, but it's not that good. The mushrooms were the best. The tables are narrow, but I kept going back and forth to put spoons and tissues in.I've been back and forth, and I've left my drink behind."
예현,"If you're blinded by trash money, you can just eat the leftovers at the table. I don't like the person who gets paid for being a part-timer or part-timer. I've never seen a place like this before."
옌,"Well, the room is small, but it doesn't feel cozy, so it feels stuffy, and the stuff on the table doesn't look very clean. There aren't many games, and there's a few torn or missing. It's 3,000 won per hour and we need to order drinks separately. Please refer to it."
오,"I didn't hear the closing time when I went in, and I put in money in advance, but a lady suddenly opened the door and told me to leave at 2:30 p.m. There's no money refund and the system is full, so I can't get a refund. The lights are automatically turned off -- you keep saying things that you don't even ask. It's not thousands of won, and I can't believe it."
오곡초코볼,"Coffee tastes fine, but unkind when you take orders from an old woman, whether it's an employee or a boss.You've done your nails well, and they'll come off easily, but if you think it's in your drink...You don't even wear gloves. It's a steaming box. If you've worked at a cafe for a long time, you wouldn't do your nails very often, but now that I see you, the boss seems like a stranger. I don't want to go again."
오늘 우린 이겼어,You're so unkind! I didn't disinfect my shoes. It's dirty!
오늘만큼,"I went after him asking why he was doing this, and I had so much fun alone. Next time, I'm going to visit my friends, Delkko."
오늘하루,There was a reason why you told me not to go... It's a cheap dog facility. It's a facility in the '90s...Don't go.
오대석,Sky Park is so well-made.
오래된단골,"I went to Jojo today. It was harder than I thought. The staff kindly explained it, so I was able to proceed with it pleasantly. I think you can give me a raise. ^^"
오렌지노,Don't take your car. I regret it.
오렌지의 향기,It was my first time to come to a multi-room and it was nice to take time off and watch a movie with my boyfriend.LOL
오리궁딩,It's too much to report a disturbance.
오병진,interior good
오성환,"I've never seen you connect a lane with a strange lane in your life. I thought you were a Frankenstein lane. The place where the ball goes to break my ball when the material of that lane changes. There's no grease in the other material up ahead. And the shoe rental machine is very novel. You can put in the money, but if you want to pay with a card, you'll have to pay 10 percent more -- that's right away if you poke it at the Credit Finance Association. I'm so angry to see that you're trying to pay taxes on your shoes. I've never seen a lane like that in my life.Folding. To be honest, there is no bowling alley like here in Seoul, but it is kind, facilities are clean, and bowling balls are well equipped for human hands.. It's not very good, but it's awfully expensive."
오승호,It's nice to be clean and cozy.
오우예,"Worst of all, no alarm, you're so unlucky, you don't have anything to eat, you have bad eyes, and I tried to pick it up and watch it, but it's not that. I have to pay an extra charge. The bathroom is separate from the men and women, but it's open, so everyone can't lock."
오유선,cool. cool. cool
오잉,"Great, but it's a little too close.. Boss's kindness."
오전필,It's the best.. It's the best.
오정의,"The atmosphere is nice and pleasant, so time flies.The new book is well-equipped and I want to come here often because the boss is kind.~~^^"
오주현,"The coffee's completely burnt and there's this and that, but it's distracting and nothing special."
오지훈,It's the best.
오춘식,"I like everything, but I don't have a bookkeeper, I don't have the latest rights, I like it because there are many seats, but I really don't have a lot of books.. I like everything, but I don't have a bookkeeper, I don't have the latest rights, I like it because there are many seats, but I really don't have a lot of books."
오키도키222,"Don't use it here in the morning on weekdays. The others are nice, but the women are really unkind."
오해피데이,"Children like it. The staff is kind and there are many kinds of games. I think there are some foreign employees who are not good at Korean, but they were all kind so it was okay. But the staff doesn't know how to play the game, so I can only play the games I know.Everything was good except him. The table is spacious and the drinks taste good."
오현빈,"If you drink the beverage written on the sign outside, you can use it all floor. If you want to use the other floors, you have to pay the price per hour, and the drinks are free when you pay for them. It's a sign for catching people."
오현주,"Smells like a cigarette. I can't go out on a prepaid basis. I said I don't smell like a cigarette when I read all the reviews, but I was in pain with the cigarette and ended up losing money."
옴뇸뇸,The store is spacious and the staff are kind. There is also a good board game. It was the most fun as Pilhwal is famous.. The store is spacious and the staff are kind. There is also a good board game. It was the most fun as Pilhwal is famous.. Emotional theme no.1. Lovemaker theme is sloppy ᅮ 허ᅮᅲᅲᅲᅲᅲᅲ
옴뇸뇸 :),It's the best.. It's the best.
와사비까까,"It was hard, so they gave me a chance to be confused, so I went through a lot of trouble again.lol lol lol lol lol is fun!. It was hard, so they gave me a chance to be confused, so I went through a lot of trouble again.lol lol lol lol lol is fun!"
와인,"One thousand won per hour, five thousand won per day, four thousand won at night.. One thousand won per hour, five thousand won per day, four thousand won at night."
완사,"Great facility. I heard it was scary, so I did it in Theme Atelier. I went to scare my girlfriend, and I almost died. I woke up about half way, and I thought I'd get it now, but now time's up, it was really fun and I want to come back again."
왕谕远,It's the best.
왕심쿵,You're such a cheap guy.No. Floating while hitting the floor.
요기잉네,"If you're right, don't just go. Raccoon is cute, but that's the only cafe."
요똥,You're so kind and the cafe is pretty. Matdo Gutgut.
요요,0
욥,"I thought about it because there were many kinds of cocktails, but I think I picked them well and drank them deliciously! The atmosphere is nice and the bathroom is clean! a strongly recommended party"
용,It's the best.
용가리,"On weekends, 6,500 won for shoes, 2,000 won for shoes, and 1 drink per person must be ordered. Beer is 10,000 won for a cheap price, and the rest is 12,000 won. You can get 5 bottles of Bud and a handful of nachos? You give me 50,000 won... It's less than an hour, but the seven of us paid 200,000 won.Everyone, it's cheaper to take a taxi and go somewhere else, including transportation.. On weekends, 6,500 won for shoes, 2,000 won for shoes, and 1 drink per person must be ordered. Beer is 10,000 won for a cheap price, and the rest is 12,000 won. You can get 5 bottles of Bud and a handful of nachos? You give me 50,000 won... It's less than an hour, but the seven of us paid 200,000 won.Everyone, it's cheaper to take a taxi and go somewhere else, including transportation."
용대,"There are many kinds of games and the part-timers are very kind! The part-timers are pretty and handsome!!! It's so nice to hang out with friends and lovers!!!!!! From now on, the board game room will only be here!!!"
용드래곤,Good~
용성,Mike's a total beggar.
용이,"He's a regular! Clean, quiet, and he's looking for books. Fried rice is so delicious. After eating and reading books, I feel sleepy and sleep for a couple of hours.LOL It's really comfortable. I recommend it.. He's a regular! Clean, quiet, and he's looking for books. Fried rice is so delicious. After eating and reading books, I feel sleepy and sleep for a couple of hours.LOL It's really comfortable. I recommend it."
우뇌,"They said they're going to pay in cash and change it to a credit card payment, so they have to cancel it and redo it. Isn't it natural to cancel it and redo it?I was waiting with a look on my face, so I paid with my credit card, but I kept thinking about getting cash and going somewhere else. It was ridiculous.I don't want to waste a single star."
우디,"The space is also sensuous and good for work, but the Wi-Fi is too slow. ᅲᅲ"
우람,"I was taken to a shopping hell by my girlfriend, and I was so bored that I went...  Oh, this is more than I expected~! I used to like bowling, but I don't know how fun archery is.Hahahaha fun~! We had darts, so we had dinner, but we lost. Anyway, I want to stop by once again at Times Square.~~~~Revenge before! LOL. I was taken to a shopping hell by my girlfriend, and I was so bored that I went...  Oh, this is more than I expected~! I used to like bowling, but I don't know how fun archery is.Hahahaha fun~! We had darts, so we had dinner, but we lost. Anyway, I want to stop by once again at Times Square.~~~~Revenge before! LOL"
우리,It's the best.
우서혜,Sp. Sp
우세진,It will be hard to find a place with so many board games all over the country. It is so popular that it is full on weekdays.
우연,"I like it because it's big and there are lots of places to be comfortable!!!! But the song was too loud, so I was sad. And please boil the ramen too much."
우유,"So-so... it wasn't that bad. I'm not good at bowling, so I'm good at playing with my friends over a beer, and the staff was nice.  But the pin was stuck and the ball didn't return. I threw another ball without knowing it, and it was like I was pooping in a blocked toilet... but I laughed a lot because of the hepening.LOL It was good for drinking and playing lightly.. So-so... it wasn't that bad. I'm not good at bowling, so I'm good at playing with my friends over a beer, and the staff was nice.  But the pin was stuck and the ball didn't return. I threw another ball without knowing it, and it was like I was pooping in a blocked toilet... but I laughed a lot because of the hepening.LOL It was good for drinking and playing lightly.. 0"
우인,Your mind is rotten. You want me to go to another bowling alley?
우주,"I'm sorry that cats are going to be so stressed by the loud music until late at night. I don't like the price of beer, Gabby Ssam and snacks."
우쭈주,"Oh, you said you wanted to go bowling in myeonmok-dong not too long ago.Why aren't you here then? I'll be there next time. Ah, I found a bowling alley.. Oh, you said you wanted to go bowling in myeonmok-dong not too long ago.Why aren't you here then? I'll be there next time. Ah, I found a bowling alley."
웃고말지요~,"It's so loud, but it's nice to have a message for you so that you can see it with one eye. The staff members are so kind. We're having fun. 3 games for 10,000 won. I'm happy.~~"
웅이네집,"It's the best!!! Dalchang, the criminal, the clean shop with no left,"
워니,Normal.. Normal.. Okay.
원 호,"I was too lazy to go to Hongdae, so I looked for a bowling alley near Mapo Station, so I called and made a reservation. Go, go, go! I had fun with college student discount application.. I was too lazy to go to Hongdae, so I looked for a bowling alley near Mapo Station, so I called and made a reservation. Go, go, go! I had fun with college student discount application."
원국,I was tricked by the review of two thousand won.. I was tricked by the review of two thousand won.
원미,Okay.
원석,"It's a bowling alley, but it's expensive. What do you mean 7,000 won for Hot Six?. five songs at 1,000 won. four songs at 1,000 won"
원숭이,"Don't tell me you're such a scumbag. You're such a cheap man, but you're a dog horse."
웜니,I don't want to waste a single point. Real part-time job is so cheap that I want to leave a grade on Kakao Map. Everyone is so rude. I should've seen it earlier.
웨인(kojjab),It's the best.. It's the best.. Normal.
웹토리,"Sungnyemun Gate, National Treasure No. 1 Let's shake off the wound and move on to the new millennium.. Sungnyemun Gate, National Treasure No. 1 Let's shake off the wound and move on to the new millennium."
위선자,It's so nice to have a simple cocktail with your girlfriend.
윌링니스,Food court and other auxiliary facilities are really bad. a memorial service
유기성,It's an atmosphere that women will like.
유누스,I'm ashamed... this is the reality of our country... There is no democracy in Seoul. That's what you're advertising.
유니콩콩,The boss was kind and had a great atmosphere.~~It would be good to date데이트^
유려,Okay.
유령작가,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
유미,"As of the weekend. 3,000 won per hour. Drinks are essential. Order if you need them. 1,000 won for bottled water. Not many kinds of drinks. (Ryu Man from the convenience store) They recommend well and there are many other games besides very famous ones. Good. It doesn't smell like cigarettes, but it smells like a cigarette, and it's for kids, and when I look at it, I think I bought it just a little bit, but there's a lot of chips and cash-related phrases. It doesn't feel like a lot of board games. Of course, Citadel Katan Splender was here."
유병무,"It has a large place and is good for playing games with many people. However, the elevator was very uncomfortable."
유부장,"It seems to be a very luxurious facility rather than low-cost facilities such as the Gu Resident Sports Center and Youth Training Center.분은^분은 If you are looking for a cheap place, you can go to a cheap place.^^^"
유붕우,a table tennis court
유빈,"I went to this star store and found out why it was created ○ The screen input kept changing (average 7 times per song) and I couldn't memorize the lyrics, so I turned on the lyrics on my phone. ○○○. I went to this star store and found out why it was created ○ The screen input kept changing (average 7 times per song) and I couldn't memorize the lyrics, so I turned on the lyrics on my phone. ○○○"
유빈아빠,It's a little disappointing.
유석,The quality is so bad. It's better somewhere else.. The quality is so bad. It's better somewhere else.
유선영,Normal.
유성모,"It's cheaper and better than other room cafes, but if it's an open meal, it's not a room type, it's a flaw. It's the only room cafe in Yeongdeungpo, and it's a monopoly. Come right now, students."
유승리,Not very expensive employee unkindness
유승연,Worst room escape experience ever.
유연우,o
유영석,That's the worst. There's no play. I'd rather go somewhere else next time I come.
유영현,"It's funny! The boss is kind, too."
유제현,It's perfect for me as a beer killer with clean facilities. Unlimited age~~~
유주영,The atmosphere was nice and the cookies you gave me for free were very delicious! I will visit often!. The atmosphere was nice and the cookies you gave me for free were very delicious! I will visit often!
유준명,Okay.
유지윤,"First of all, the counterwoman is really unkind, and she gets the rails every time she complains about it, and she says, ""I'm really upset."" I wish there was another bowling alley in this town. People are flocking here because it's only here, but I really don't want to spend money on waiting for more than an hour and quality."
유지현,Better than the main store.
유창현,There's a board game cafe and there's not much board games...
유한영 예은수민맘,"Spring flowers are blooming pretty along the castle road to Hyehwa Gate in mid-April, and the scent of lilacs is so clear~ I can't believe there's such a pretty walking path in the middle of Seoul. It's a healing trail."
유현경,"It's different from the bowling alley I've been to! Like any bowling alley, it's not a drink that you can get from a vending machine, but the cocktail you make yourself is delicious. The hip atmosphere is so good!. Thanks to the friendly staff and hip atmosphere, we have a lot of fun.. It was my first time to see food and cocktails sold at a bowling alley, and I was surprised that the quality was better than I thought. Would it be perfect to have a birthday party with my friends? The employees are kind, too!. The atmosphere is amazing. There are many photo zones and there are many other things to play and see even though it is a bowling alley!. It's an interior, lighting, and exciting atmosphere. I love the song selection. I'm so excited."
유혜빈,It's the best.. It's the best.
유혜정,"I was listening to the explanation because I couldn't escape, but I was a little annoyed when I talked behind the back of a female part-timer wearing glasses at the Daehangno store during the evening when I came in together. I can't tell you because it's a spoiler, but I read two things when I'm talking through the chat room. I was confused and it took more than 15 minutes for each question.  Maybe it's because there are a lot of reservations, so two people come in and explain and one person organizes, but they want us to see our faces that they don't understand.To see more details. Replay is not recommended in the evening and on weekends in Hongdae. There are so many people on the street that if you can't solve the problem right away even if it's 80 minutes, the time will be short. I recommend a time zone where you know Hongdae-gil well and can be alerted because it's a quiet time zone.. I was listening to the explanation because I couldn't escape, but I was a little annoyed when I talked behind the back of a female part-timer wearing glasses at the Daehangno store during the evening when I came in together. I can't tell you because it's a spoiler, but I read two things when I'm talking through the chat room. I was confused and it took more than 15 minutes for each question.  Maybe it's because there are a lot of reservations, so two people come in and explain and one person organizes, but they want us to see our faces that they don't understand.To see more details"
유홍재,"The parking lot is open late at night, so it's free and quiet."
윤더키,It's the best.
윤맨,"Do you have any cartoons that suit everyone's taste? I've been a regular for over 2 years, and I've reviewed it to make it spicy for my friend, and if I tell my boss or staff, they'll buy it for me. I'm sure you're doing great."
윤상아,"I went there with four women, and I was really embarrassed because I couldn't see anything. But the food was delicious and fun! At first, I thought about how to eat the food, but the staff here kindly explained it to me! And I heard you could go on a blind date here, but I'll definitely try it next time. Hahaha"
윤선화,"There were a lot of people, but I liked the autumn mood, including silver grass and pink moulin dapsari."
윤승,I'm sorry. Just go. LOL. I'm sorry. Just go. LOL
윤신철,"I moved to the neighborhood and looked around first. I think Sambo here is perfect for kids. I like the facilities and the price, and most of all, the employees are so kind that I came here pleasantly.. I moved to the neighborhood and looked around first. I think Sambo here is perfect for kids. I like the facilities and the price, and most of all, the employees are so kind that I came here pleasantly."
윤오,"It's the same as Hongdae, but I like it more because it's spacious.. I went a long time ago, but the location is kind of vague, but the food is so delicious and nice. I didn't have that many customers, but I hope they don't disappear.. I went a long time ago, but the location is kind of vague, but the food is so delicious and nice. I didn't have that many customers, but I hope they don't disappear."
윤용현,24/7 weight training facility. Free... Best... It would be great if each local government in Korea had such facilities in the park. The pleasure of coming home late from work and exercising. Gangdong-gu Cheonho Park is the best..
윤정,"I went to the silver grass festival, and it was pretty, spacious, and there were many people, but I liked it because it was obvious that I paid attention in many ways.. I don't recommend Swinggate. It's not fun moving around."
윤지상,"Good. There are not many people, so it's quiet, so it's good to read or study.. Good. There are not many people, so it's quiet, so it's good to read or study."
윤진웅,The interior was so pretty and luxurious. It was great for us to hang out with each other because it would be good for a date and the spaces were all independent.
윤채,"It's warm and it's a great place to work, and the boss is very kind."
윤태우,"It's very expensive, almost 7,000 won per game, and it's really not greasy. So they protested, but they had to make sure that they understood and that they would do well next time, but they said they would do the same thing again anyway. And without saying a word of apology, she ignores him as a student."
윤혁,Top. Good
윤현규,Best of all the parks!
윤형민,It's the best.. It's the best.
윤혜린,It's the best.
윤호길,It's the best.
율e,"There are so many things to do. Among them, I warmed up in the massage chair. I like to play board games, but there are many board games, so I played without knowing the time went by.  My friend who went with me said she liked the arcade."
율무새,"I was a little hesitant, but I'm glad I got in. When I drink beer in glass, I want to change the coolness to a replay.  Actually, I recommend this place. I'm going to come back with a friend later.~~~~~ Happy Saturday~"
으아,"I totally recommend it. I've been there about four times recently, and all the people in the store are kind and delicious!!  It was nice to eat alone or go with friends because there weren't many people. I don't know if it's because of the bad location, but there aren't many customers. Won't this disappear? Hurry up and go!!"
으악새,"The facilities are good, unmanned, eventful, and convenient, but there is no charger."
으악새의난,"There are three nearby, and this is the worst part of the facility. The late comers came in first to wait. Tell Alba right away to get out. I didn't even put money in it, but I didn't know you came first. If he doesn't know the order, he doesn't know how to ask.. There are three nearby, and this is the worst part of the facility. The late comers came in first to wait. Tell Alba right away to get out. I didn't even put money in it, but I didn't know you came first. If he doesn't know the order, he doesn't know how to ask."
으에엥,"I don't like it. Snack popcorn is soggy and the facility uses karaoke functions in the early 90s feeling, but it doesn't erase the strange BGM in the back, and it seems like you're trying to steal money because you don't fill out the rest of the time. Coke tastes like oriental medicine. And you're the boss. You're so rude."
은경이,"At the end of the year, I watched a movie and played games here for about 3 hours, and the facilities were clean and the boss was kind, so I had a lot of fun.I strongly recommend this place."
은교,"I'm here to play board games, but after paying for drinks, I only know two or three games.I was so annoyed that I only paid for the drinks and got the rest refunded. I'm so upset that I didn't leave this grade."
은빛여우,"The difficulty level is reasonable and it's not too long since it opened. It was good because it was clean and well managed.~~ More than anything!!! Story and interior!!!!! Good, good, good, good."
은선,"There's a dart machine, there's a board game, there's an exciting song, so it's good to play with the Ching-goo:)"
은아,It was much better than I thought!!. It was much better than I thought!!
은영,No fun. Not funny.
은지,"This is a cocktail, and I'm not going to come back with a basic snacks.^^"
은지♡,The staff are kind and very funny!! I didn't want to waste money.
음낭괴물,Is this the reality of our country?Shame X10000!!!
응 디에우 린,It's the best.. It's the best.
이,What a wonderful place! It's the best!
이건호,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
이경민,"I don't know why your husband used it like that, even though it's a good facility and a good part-time job.. ᅲᅲ"
이경석,Okay.
이경수,0
이경윤,Grapefruit bingsu is awesome!! You're so devoted to other drinks and dishes. The price is nice. Hongje-dong's hidden attraction!!!. Grapefruit bingsu is awesome!! You're so devoted to other drinks and dishes. The price is nice. Hongje-dong's hidden attraction!!!
이경준 Black,It's the best.. It's the best.
이구형,The sound's good here.
이규홍,"I didn't ask for a hint, but you're giving me two more. Thanks to you, I escaped 20 minutes earlier. I paid a lot of money for it, but it's a bit weird. You're asking me why I gave you more hints. Maybe you were leaving early because you didn't have the last team. Boss, it seems like the part-timers need more training."
이근만,The Mangwon-dong that I saw last 2.30 years ago was born. Sangam-dong was created and it is amazing that it became a sky park. Thank you for your hard work.
이근호,"Worst of all, expensive game fees, shoes, and drinks per person are essential. Rock bowling alley is not good for rails. I knew it, but there's an error in the perception that a bowling pin has fallen that doesn't fall, and I don't fall for the next game.  I'm crazy about bowling in Hongdae."
이다인,0. 0
이동훈,"I had so much fun with my friends. I thought you were at a club. I like bowling balls because they're different from other bowling alleys and because they're pretty because they're shaped like shoes, but I think it's really good to relieve stress by drinking beer at a club. I'll visit often. Ha ha."
이득란,I don't like it.
이딴곳때문에로그인함,Black Pearl Gaeno Jam... a sublime work that undermines Keiscape's reputation.. Black Pearl Gaeno Jam... a sublime work that undermines Keiscape's reputation.
이레이더,unkindness
이름입력,White theme. White theme
이매망량,"The interior was very cute and kind, so it was nice!!!"
이민교,"Three songs for 1,000 won! If you go in your free time, you'll get 5 songs for 1,000 won!"
이민재,Karaoke sounds great.And I'm calling you because I don't have a phone number and there's no wayI'll make sure to put the microphone back after work today.I'm sorry. I drank a lot yesterday. I'm sorry again.
이민하,"The price is a bit expensive and the ball is generally not in good condition.Plus, he's been telling me what to do with the ball and the hassle of having to call the boss and part-timer.They just let me out the day I went.I think it's better than the reviews below, but I'm sure it's not even recommended.There's not much bowling alley around here, so I can say it's rolling."
이반,"Isn't the basic spirit of the service industry's worst self-employed business? Is it normal for me to cry out and get angry if I'm the one who cleans up when I accidentally left a blanket? What else would he say if he wasn't a cleaner? Aren't you in charge of the Tongtun Omok Bridge?  If you're going to do business with this kind of service, quit. It's just..."
이상목, ·.  ·
이상아,"Each room here is well managed and the part-timer is the best... I left my cash on the machine without realizing it, but it's still in the warehouse. Thank you."
이상훈,0
이서연,"There's no set-up at all.ᄒ I didn't have 123 books, so I wondered where they went, and they were all packed in different bookshelves, and there were lots of books in the webtoon box, but I couldn't read them because they weren't organized at all.. There's no set-up at all.ᄒ I didn't have 123 books, so I wondered where they went, and they were all packed in different bookshelves, and there were lots of books in the webtoon box, but I couldn't read them because they weren't organized at all.. There's no set-up at all.ᄒ I didn't have 123 books, so I wondered where they went, and they were all packed in different bookshelves, and there were lots of books in the webtoon box, but I couldn't read them because they weren't organized at all."
이선생,"Is it still open here?Mr. Hackster, I think you have some money. Don't go. Especially don't ever go to couples. If you don't want to go, don't go.ᅲᅮᅮᅮ 그리고 그리고 And there is ice cream spoon? I don't think the boss is even looking at reviews, so please don't go. Please check your horoscope.ᅲ"
이성신,"I need you to be on time, so don't waste your time."
이세민,The atmosphere is nice. The waiting room is comfortable. It's even better!
이수광,I love the relaxed atmosphere.
이수리무,I was thinking about what to do in Hongdae. It's new and fun. I'm going to do something else besides the ghost theme I did this time. I'll definitely escape this time. +m+
이슬,"Compared to other Hongdae room escapees, it's so much fun and it stimulates my curiosity.~~^직원 The staff explains slowly and well. I'll go again next time."
이승아,The boss is so kind and clean! a regular for several years. The boss is so kind and clean! a regular for several years
이승재,"If you're going to escape from Gangnam, make sure to go here. It's so much fun compared to other illogical escape rooms. Subscribe, recommend, click like."
이승현_데이빗,Tent Accident Visit Very Good
이승형,Clean and clean facilities are good because you can go anytime.
이승희,I don't like it.
이야기꾼,"It's cheap here, and the boss is kind, funny, and totally good. *^^*"
이연수,It's the best.
이영묵,Namsan which can be reached from downtown Seoul.
이영석,Five rails. Expensive. I don't know why.
이영은,I don't like the impression of a man's boss or personality. Where it makes you feel bad.
이영진,It's the best.
이오,"I couldn't start the song I wanted because the machine broke down, but I didn't answer the manager's call, and when I found it in another room, I couldn't manage it at all (a song that's been 2-3 months since it came out), so I'm never going to feel safe again."
이온더핏,wow
이용호,Okay.. Okay.
이우선,It's the best.
이원석,"I don't know if it's a male owner or part-time job, but it's very unkind. I don't really want to come back."
이유리,There are many books!
이유진,"No beer, no pizza."
이윤미,I sometimes go there with my boyfriend. Tiramisu is delicious and coffee is delicious. 놀 먹다<  먹다 놀 먹다It's all settled here.LOL
이정근,"As a student, the price is a bit burdensome, but the atmosphere and food taste are good, and it's a good place to put it on our anniversary."
이정민,0
이정아,"It's quiet and the atmosphere is nice.  Personally, it's better that it's not too big.  Reading comics is perfect.^^. It's quiet and the atmosphere is nice.  Personally, it's better that it's not too big.  Reading comics is perfect.^^"
이정우,"It's so dirty. The attic downstairs is all cobwebs, so I sat in an open place, and the spiders crawling beside me...The cushion cushions are full as if they haven't been cleaned a day or two.. It's so dirty. The attic downstairs is all cobwebs, so I sat in an open place, and the spiders crawling beside me...The cushion cushions are full as if they haven't been cleaned a day or two.. It's so dirty. The attic downstairs is all cobwebs, so I sat in an open place, and the spiders crawling beside me...The cushion cushions are full as if they haven't been cleaned a day or two."
이정준,Okay.
이정현,It's the best.. It's good to play with dogs. There's a lot of dogs between 7 and 9 p.m. on weekdays.
이정훈,It's the best.
이제는,0
이제짱이다,"I didn't like board games, but I didn't have a place to wait, so I went there for a while. I went there for 6 hours to go to the global board game. I didn't know the time was passing because of the boss's words. LOL. What's your favorite game genre? If you tell me, I want you to bring it to me according to your needs.The downside is that I can't manage my schedule because I don't know how time flies. It's like Dragon Ball Time Room."
이제현,It's the best.
이종선,"Coffee is delicious~ It's a lot of room, so it's easy to do personal work."
이종찬,It's the best.
이준,"I don't know if you're a president or an employee, but you're incredibly unfriendly. I couldn't sleep, so I went early in the morning, and my face was frowning. The mood was like, ""Why did you come to play cartoons at this hour?"" I looked around the bookshelf and he was so nervous about what kind of book I was looking for. Tell him not to look for the book but to tell me what to look for. I probably set it up at dawn, but I'm overreacting because I'm afraid I'll mess it up when I read the book. He was older than me, so he held it in, but he cursed me and tried to turn it over, but he came out in 30 minutes thinking how hard life would be if his life would be like that. When the boss sees this, either change employees or pay more money or pay attention to employee welfare. If you're the boss, you're so stressed out and if you're working, fold it. It's like milk, so I'm never going to wash my face again."
이준규,"a test drive for Lespo @Paris Park, California"
이준열,Best
이준영,"It may be good to have time for independence at this price near the bus terminal, but there is nothing to do. I got the Wi-Fi password, but I can't use it because it's too sensitive. Not enough content, whether it's a console or a movie. In the end, all I have to do is play the movie, but in terms of cost-effectiveness, it's a good evaluation cycle."
이준호,0
이지,"Cats are gentle, cozy, caramel macchiato is sad if more webtoon comic books come in hehe. Cats are gentle, cozy, caramel macchiato is sad if more webtoon comic books come in hehe"
이지혜,The first good reason to live near the Han River is the place. I love it so much.
이진,"I couldn't escape today, but it's the best! I don't know about the device error and the employees were kind and nice.ᅲ 탈출 It would have been better if I escaped, but I'm satisfied with it because you let me untie it until the end."
이진국,"The game that the boss recommended was a good explanation, but it's too bad that I didn't win first place. I don't want to go on a date or have a drinking game with my friends."
이찬,"It's not easy to feel unfriendly in a coin karaoke room where you don't have much chance to run into your owner, but it's amazing. a free-for-all attitude that makes me feel like I'm spending it."
이찬국,It's the best.
이찬미,"The food doesn't taste good, but if you're just going to watch a cartoon, you're just go."
이창렬,I don't like it.
이창해,I've never been there before. It has a good sound. You're the best when you're alone.
이창희,Sparrow Festival+Pink Muli+Dapsari
이철,"I liked the atmosphere of the store and the games were various, but the best thing was that the boss and the staff were so passionate. It's a good place to explain. It's a good place to go."
이태용,"unkind, unfriendly, unfriendly Due to the large number of people, the company has prepared a variety of table tennis and game consoles for the waiting guests, but the employee's speech and expression are ruining everything."
이태율,"My team is really bad at bowling so they keep getting caught in the rails. It's my first time getting caught here. My parents didn't even ask me if I was going to get caught, but they want me to pay 50 million won.  Who do you know? You're such a scumbag that you want to make a personal attack on these female employees.                                 It's annoying to see female employees frowning every time they come to the bowling alley on a regular basis. They come every two weeks. Do you really think we're being nice? I'm telling you, if you don't hire two of your employees, we're doomed. I want to give you a zero.Folding"
이태은,ᅮᅮᅮ Why didn't you know about the cafe crane? I shouldn't have paid you so much. I'm going to be a cafe lumi now.. ᅮᅮᅮ Why didn't you know about the cafe crane? I shouldn't have paid you so much. I'm going to be a cafe lumi now.. ᅮᅮᅮ Why didn't you know about the cafe crane? I shouldn't have paid you so much. I'm going to be a cafe lumi now.
이태호,I was sad that I wasn't in Itaewon! The facilities are clean and great!!
이프,"It's good to have no one. It's not cheap, but it's similar to other comic cafes! I used to go to Lotte Mall often and bought a flat ticket. That would be great."
이하닮,It's the best.
이하린,There's a lot of board games and the atmosphere is great.. There's a lot of board games and the atmosphere is great.
이하영,It's a little disappointing.
이한설,Facilities Services...They're all... part-timers are kind of like that.
이해성,"What a waste. You said you'd open at 10 o'clock, but you thought you didn't have a lot of people to come."
이해인,"I tried to find it, but it wasn't there.^^. I tried to find it, but it wasn't there.^^"
이해준,It's the best.
이현우,It's very kind and clean.
이현정,Vampire? I had so much fun in the room. It was fun to be active and it was good to be device-oriented.. Vampire? I had so much fun in the room. It was fun to be active and it was good to be device-oriented.
이현주,"It's 24 hours, so when I hang out with my friends late at night, I sometimes go play and rest, but it's nice."
이현준,I just stopped by with my girlfriend and had a lot of fun. I'll make sure to stop by again the next time I get near. Take lots of pictures and go!
이혜인,I don't like it.
이혜진,"It's the worst. It's too loud, babies.. It's the worst. It's too loud, babies."
이호재,"They sell beer, their seats are comfortable, and I think it's good for staying up all night or resting.. They sell beer, their seats are comfortable, and I think it's good for staying up all night or resting."
이효중(IPTV KOREA),It's comfortable and nice.
이희원,"I was there at night, and there was no male staff, and I wanted to take a look down on you! And there aren't many board games available."
익명,"The long-haired woman who works Friday night at 11:00 is really unkind.LOL LOL Why is it like that when you're giving me a drink and your expression is rotten all the time? If you don't want to work, please quit. ᅮᅮᅮ Why should the customers who went to watch cartoons feel bad?. The employee's fault has unlocked the lock, so we can't proceed any further. It's a man's job, so I'll try to understand his mistakes, but since then, the staff and the president's handling of the situation has been so messed up that I don't want to visit again.. The employee's fault has unlocked the lock, so we can't proceed any further. It's a man's job, so I'll try to understand his mistakes, but since then, the staff and the president's handling of the situation has been so messed up that I don't want to visit again.. The bowling lane and the people who go for the price, they're trying to get a few thousand won more for you, ○○○ is so cheap.. Best, best, best!!!!! After Nowon The Maze and Gaeun Xcape, room escape!!! Murder at a private high school is a must."
익명의 사람,"I went there around noon and got half an hour of service. The microphone snapped and the button didn't press well.The facilities aren't very good, but.... I went there around noon and got half an hour of service. The microphone snapped and the button didn't press well.The facilities aren't very good, but..."
인간은무엇으로사는가,Where the comic book store has everything it needs to have.
인서아빠,"It's a park in central Seoul, so the night view is great. The sound of the train goes well with it."
인정,It's the best.
인화,"I went with my boyfriend two weeks ago. The price was nice, the atmosphere was nice, and it was really nice.Lovers, Kang Chu~~"
일,"Air space, floor conditions, mess.  Sunday Women's Counter Alba No Friendly Day. I'm glad there's no time limit. My girlfriend says she doesn't have many types."
임검제,"I used to go there often, but I suddenly raised the price to two songs for 1,000 won. I went there today and I was surprised, so I just left... It's too expensive, so low stars..."
임관혁,I got addicted to room escape because I got my first room escape from Last Icecape! The best. I got addicted to room escape because I got my first room escape from Last Icecape! The best
임규봉,"I'm in a bowling club. The lane is not clean, but the staff is kind and there are no people, so it's easy to hit. Rather than playing professionally, it's better to come and play with your friends for a while."
임다은,"I don't like room escape as punishment, but I was in town, so I was satisfied. The staff members were so kind! It was a little hard, but I'll try an easy theme next time!. I don't like room escape as punishment, but I was in town, so I was satisfied. The staff members were so kind! It was a little hard, but I'll try an easy theme next time!"
임동예,A really good place to visit at least once.
임동혁,"First of all, the bowling alley is very big and it's a facility tailored to the times these days. Also, billiards are very neat. It's so pleasant because it doesn't smell like cigarettes. Archery was a sport I've never experienced before, but it's hard to experience in person, but it's so fun and I want to continue. There are many things to drink and eat, so I love the part where I can enjoy sports. You could come with your family.. First of all, the bowling alley is very big and it's a facility tailored to the times these days. Also, billiards are very neat. It's so pleasant because it doesn't smell like cigarettes. Archery was a sport I've never experienced before, but it's hard to experience in person, but it's so fun and I want to continue. There are many things to drink and eat, so I love the part where I can enjoy sports. You could come with your family."
임마,That's how I found the glow-in-the-dark bowling alley.I didn't know there was so much information here.It's going to be held soon. LOL. That's how I found the glow-in-the-dark bowling alley.I didn't know there was so much information here.It's going to be held soon. LOL
임민선,I like it because it's cheap.... I like it because I can enjoy various floors... I love forest breath grey.
임보람,"I'm addicted to escape room cafes. Exodus Hongdae was the most fun. I've tried everything from the level of difficulty to the level of award, but as if I'm going back to my childhood, the game is so fun and try to escape zombies. It's so much fun!. I'm addicted to escape room cafes. Exodus Hongdae was the most fun. I've tried everything from the level of difficulty to the level of award, but as if I'm going back to my childhood, the game is so fun and try to escape zombies. It's so much fun!"
임성록,The staff here are so kind and friendly that I went out to drink coffee and had a friend. Hah!
임성택,I couldn't find anything for 30 minutes because I couldn't find any hints on my laptop.
임승균,"Part-time job heaven. If you're close to a part-timer, you can wear sneakers without wearing them. Even if you're with an acquaintance, you can use a lane 1 for each person. If you're annoyed by a part-timer, you'll get damages. Thank you for your personality. I'm sure there's a reason why business isn't going well even if you're in a If the boss wants to keep the bowling alley, monitor the part-timers now. You'll see why business is worse than you think. ^^"
임우빈,"I love it because it's clean, spacious, and clean!. I love it because it's clean, spacious, and clean!"
임정민,I came here because I was bored because I stayed at home for my children's vacation. I'm so satisfied because it's something that the whole family can enjoy~~~ I think I'll come often.
임종민,It's the best.
임채운,"Cats are so gentle, nice, and cute.~~~^^"
임펄스,"The employees are so unkind. No basic service mind. Not being able to serve customers dirty, so I tried to fight them. There are a lot of good reviews for Code K. If you promote your blog, you will get a lot of discounts, so you have no choice but to do it. Don't be fooled! Go to the Seoul Escape Room Gangnam branch instead.. The employees are so unkind. No basic service mind. Not being able to serve customers dirty, so I tried to fight them. There are a lot of good reviews for Code K. If you promote your blog, you will get a lot of discounts, so you have no choice but to do it. Don't be fooled! Go to the Seoul Escape Room Gangnam branch instead."
임헌영,"The sound, puzzle, interior design are all so real that it's so immersive."
임형순,The boss is awesome.
입맛까다로운카비,"It's 10,000 won and I put all three editions here and there, and now it doesn't apply. I saw it at dawn and walked there. Are you kidding me? Four bottles of beer, 25,000 won. Four 10,000 won for a conversation. Four people, 56,000 won for two rounds. The price tag is stuck on it, so don't do business like a bully."
잉왜또화내요,"Why are male part-timers so unfriendly? They're paying for drinks, but they seem to be ordering because they're so blunt. The store is full of dusty cobwebs all over it doesn't even clean. It smells like a bathroom because it's underground. It usually tastes like a cocktail with water. Go to another unlimited refill cocktail restaurant.. Why are male part-timers so unfriendly? They're paying for drinks, but they seem to be ordering because they're so blunt. The store is full of dusty cobwebs all over it doesn't even clean. It smells like a bathroom because it's underground. It usually tastes like a cocktail with water. Go to another unlimited refill cocktail restaurant."
자양주민,"A place where part-timers don't train at all. It's really unkind and everything is a bothersome attitude. Especially a part-time job this evening. I can't ask you a question. Room content is good, but no intention of revisiting. A place where part-timers don't train at all. It's really unkind and everything is a bothersome attitude. Especially a part-time job this evening. I can't ask you a question. Room content is good, but no intention of revisiting"
자유의지,Just soso
자의식,"5500 footwear rental per person. 2500 Margarita. 17000. The price of alcohol is a bit high. It's a little small, isn't it?"
자전거탄풍경,I was on a date with my girlfriend and I stopped by the escape room cafe because it was so fresh and the staff was so kind that I had a good date.I'll stop by again later. I strongly recommend you!^^b. I was on a date with my girlfriend and I stopped by the escape room cafe because it was so fresh and the staff was so kind that I had a good date.I'll stop by again later. I strongly recommend you!^^b
작지,"I've been to other places, but it was good because there were many themes! I thought it would be too much of a theme, but it was more fun than I expected and the staff was nice.. I've been to other places, but it was good because there were many themes! I thought it would be too much of a theme, but it was more fun than I expected and the staff was nice."
잘받았냐,"Good, good, good, good.. It's all right with the secretary here."
잘생겼진,"There were many kinds of board games and it was good to be comfortable. There are many kinds of food, so I'm not bored with my mouth, and I was surprised that the drinks were especially plentiful and delicious. I think I'll go often from now on because it's cheap and good to hang out with my friends!. There were many kinds of board games and it was good to be comfortable. There are many kinds of food, so I'm not bored with my mouth, and I was surprised that the drinks were especially plentiful and delicious. I think I'll go often from now on because it's cheap and good to hang out with my friends!"
잠오는인생,It's really nice because it's clean. It smells good in the blanket. I can feel that you're paying attention to cleanliness. There are a lot of new books and various kinds of books. The owner is kind and the atmosphere of the comic book cafe is comfortable so I like sleeping.. It's really nice because it's clean. It smells good in the blanket. I can feel that you're paying attention to cleanliness. There are a lot of new books and various kinds of books. The owner is kind and the atmosphere of the comic book cafe is comfortable so I like sleeping.
잡초같은인생,I think MPlay is really kind wherever you go~ And the price is so nice that you can have fun without any burden.
장 예진,"I was stressed out at work and went with my coworkers, but all my stress was gone. I want to be better at bowling. The atmosphere was nice and there were many things to enjoy besides bowling."
장경순,It's the best.
장규완,I went to Konkuk University for the first time and played for 3 hours because there were so many things to play and eat. I took it as my hideout.The employees are very kind.^^
장꼭또,"It's so much fun. Compared to other places, I think the theme room is better. I'm going to do a horror show next time.. It's so much fun. Compared to other places, I think the theme room is better. I'm going to do a horror show next time."
장대보이@naver.com(김태권),All right~ ^^
장미,"At first, I said 6,500 won, but the payment was 7,000 won each, so I called and asked him, and he was annoyed and said no. No, I can't say it well.I see why you have bad grades.^^"
장수영,It's the best.
장승우,"The staff are so kind that we're having a good time!! Thank you for your pleasant greeting and start your business!!(Good luck with your 1 song!). It smells so bad, the bathroom is so bad, and above all, hygiene is so... You were drunk and kicked on the wall, and you spit a lot...ᅲ. It smells so bad, the bathroom is so bad, and above all, hygiene is so... You were drunk and kicked on the wall, and you spit a lot...ᅲ"
장영익,"I often go to the academy with my friend who studies together on weekdays. I study quietly, eat delicious food, and like this and that. I recommend it.. I often go to the academy with my friend who studies together on weekdays. I study quietly, eat delicious food, and like this and that. I recommend it.. I often go to the academy with my friend who studies together on weekdays. I study quietly, eat delicious food, and like this and that. I recommend it."
장예원,The music is too loud...
장용안,The cattle garden in the city center...Hidden promenade...The best place....
장원혁,Hurry up and open the door!!!!!!!! It's 9:21 here.○○○○ still slamming the door shut.
장은영,"I haven't done it a few times, but it's fun. I think it'd be good for several people.. I haven't done it a few times, but it's fun. I think it'd be good for several people."
장재진,Good~~^^
장종수,"I went shopping at Times Square because it's hot outside these days, but the bowling alley has opened. I usually like bowling and the facilities are clean, so I played it. The staff was nice, the facilities were so clean and nice. As expected, Seoul is good. ^^* I think I spent the day having fun and getting rid of my stress.  I think I have to go there at least once. I have to go again.. I went shopping at Times Square because it's hot outside these days, but the bowling alley has opened. I usually like bowling and the facilities are clean, so I played it. The staff was nice, the facilities were so clean and nice. As expected, Seoul is good. ^^* I think I spent the day having fun and getting rid of my stress.  I think I have to go there at least once. I have to go again."
장하늘,It's the best.
장현,"Kind and accurate explanations from the cafe owner, various games, kind part-timers.  This is a place you'll keep visiting if you live close.. Each theme is a great place for Sherlock. Personally, I think Sinchon branch and this place are the two mountain range stores.. Kind and accurate explanations from the cafe owner, various games, kind part-timers.  This is a place you'll keep visiting if you live close.. It's a great place enough to fix the hint system. It takes too long to send and receive hints by text. I'd rather recommend a video call.. Each theme is a great place for Sherlock. Personally, I think Sinchon branch and this place are the two mountain range stores."
장현진,It's clean and nice.
장희정,"It's my first time going to the Forest Breath Grey, and I think I'll go there often in the future because there are many things to enjoy."
재맹,Here's a lot to say...Don't really go. The mind itself is rotten.
재명,The night view is wonderful.Haha
재성,"I went to play with my friend, but the facilities are nice and the staff is kind!"
재이,My daughter's rice wine is delicious. She has a price range.
재재,The price is low and the boss kindly explains it. Good good
재희,Okay.
쟁,0
쟁구,You're freaking out when you go to the bathroom. How can you not take care of it?
쟆,"Nice facilities, nice service."
저 푸른 초원펭귄,It's a great facility!!!!. It's a great facility!!!!
전광성,0
전국노예자랑,It's my first time going on a new date with my girlfriend. I'll make sure to come by again next time to pass! Be prosperous!!
전국여행자,"It was my first time going to an escape room cafe, and it was a lot of course. I've had a new fun on the same date course every time. You must go. So much fun!!. It was my first time going to an escape room cafe, and it was a lot of course. I've had a new fun on the same date course every time. You must go. So much fun!!. It's my first time going to an escape room cafe~ Time flies so fast~ I think it's really nice to go on a date course!"
전대운(lucas),"I love books and store management.The staff are very kind. We're having a stamp coupon event. You can exchange it for drinks or other products, so you can get more and more items.^^"
전미선,"It's not that big, so it's good to go alone! It's comfortable, but at night, there are a lot of people and restaurants nearby, so it feels a bit dangerous. Go during the day~!. It's not that big, so it's good to go alone! It's comfortable, but at night, there are a lot of people and restaurants nearby, so it feels a bit dangerous. Go during the day~!"
전설,"It's much shorter than the rail ride bowling. If you're here, you'll be three steps. I can't even spin a ball."
전성관,It's a nice place to come with your girlfriend.. It's a nice place to come with your girlfriend.
전성배,"Here's the karaoke owner, Youtuber."
전우진,Put the game console away. I'm getting on my nerves because of the tap on the game console.
전재진,"I've been to a blog ad, and the part-timers are so unkind and I'm never going again. --"
전정우,"Why don't you run designated seats in the first place or write in large letters, 'No seat transfer, no seat tour'? They are angry at the customer for leaving the way they operate in an easy way."
전주영,It's the best.
전주희,"It's near the company, but I've never been there before, and it'd be better to come here during the day for two consecutive days for the silver grass festival."
전철영,It's a perfect place to ride your bike and it's prettier at night.
전희영,You'll find out when you go.
정,"It's delicious. Dessert, drink, sweet, savory, and rich! It's like you made it all yourself. I've been there for days in a row, and I think I'm going to go again."
정기오,night view bay
정남선생,A blood and beer place where you can enjoy your food without difficulty!. a place where you can enjoy the scenery near your house.. Okay.. a quiet place to drink
정무진,"I don't like it. He gave me a weird seat in front of the entrance, and when I looked at him, he asked if I could move because there were a lot of seats, so I don't think I can. LOL then, the staff members, you're scolding me. Don't come here."
정민규,"CEO of Woobong High School 3D, who takes on the challenge of many board games + wide tables + low prices + new guests."
정범,Very clean...It's my first time to go to a coin singing room where I can pay with my credit card if I don't have cash.
정빈,Is the boss really crazy? Don't get me wrong because I'm not giving you the service because you're pretty. Don't look at me with weird eyes on the way out. I'm just going to leave my phone on the screen. I can't go because it's so dirty. I came out in the middle because I was so scared.  Why would a girl come to a karaoke room?
정상균,"The counter is pretty and all the staff are kind and I think it's really nice.  I went with my friends and they were really wide and clean. For your information, it was my first time doing archery, but I didn't know it was this fun!. The counter is pretty and all the staff are kind and I think it's really nice.  I went with my friends and they were really wide and clean. For your information, it was my first time doing archery, but I didn't know it was this fun!"
정서권,Gangnam Cafferumi sounds good.. Gangnam Cafferumi sounds good.
정성수,It's the best.. Enhancements are clean and consistent.. It's the best.
정성영 Paul,"Two servings of frozen pizza is 20,000 won. Three bottles of beer and a plate of nachos and ketchup for 40,000 won. The game fee is 6,000 won each.  I thought it would be expensive, but three of us played for 90 minutes and it cost 150,000 won. You'd better know it's expensive.. Two servings of frozen pizza is 20,000 won. Three bottles of beer and a plate of nachos and ketchup for 40,000 won. The game fee is 6,000 won each.  I thought it would be expensive, but three of us played for 90 minutes and it cost 150,000 won. You'd better know it's expensive."
정수정,"Three grains for 1,000 won, bottled water for 1,000 won;- plus it's too hot!. Three grains for 1,000 won, bottled water for 1,000 won;- plus it's too hot!"
정연욱,the pride of Seoul. the pride of Seoul
정영옥,a favorite comic cafe There are many chairs and the food is so delicious!!! It's not just an instant feeling or a place I go often because it's well-organized.
정영자,It's the best.
정예빈,"The drinks were delicious and the semen was served for 2 to 5 hours, so it was good. He explains a lot and there are so many kinds of games!! It's the best~~~"
정옥균,Good
정운,Smells like a cigarette.. Smells like a cigarette.
정원,"I'm sure you don't have to run into him, but don't expect an active response when something happens."
정원석,The facility's just as good as other locations. It's not bad. Except the staff wasn't nice.. The facility's just as good as other locations. It's not bad. Except the staff wasn't nice.
정유철,It's the best.. Oooh! Grapefruit vodka+chicken quesadia jackpot@@;. Oooh! Grapefruit vodka+chicken quesadia jackpot@@;
정윤지,All right. The boss is kind.
정은정,"Dosan Ahn Chang-ho was a blind believer in capitalism and did so. He tried to build a kingdom-style state. Not democratic but absolute, but his pride will be highly regarded.. ○○○○. Artificial Lake Dark Square"
정이,"I go there often. It's the largest near my house and I keep bringing in new books. The taste of the drink is good, but the unkindness that devalues all services is really the best. First not to laugh.Order me to tell you before you take off your shoes, and if you're not going to take off your shoes, tell me to take off my shoes first. If you stay there for a long time, you'll be able to respond by just listening to the customer service manual."
정인선,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
정자영,I can play pool here. Clean and staff friendly. It's nice to have a place that looks like a room.
정재욱,It's the best.. Normal.
정재원,The lock was unlocked in advance.;;;;  맥 be in a state of flux. The lock was unlocked in advance.;;;;  맥 be in a state of flux
정지은,"The drinks here are really good and board games are all new. This is the best board game cafe I've ever been to!!!!!!!!!!!! Among them, it's so much fun to play with Lost City's boyfriend."
정지훈,"I just went shopping and went bowling. Oh, my God! There's an archery field. I've always wanted to do this. I shot 10 shots. I just put one in 10 points.I think I'll be looking for it more often. LOL. I just went shopping and went bowling. Oh, my God! There's an archery field. I've always wanted to do this. I shot 10 shots. I just put one in 10 points.I think I'll be looking for it more often. LOL"
정직함이튀어나와,"If I try to understand that it's because the work is so hard, I can't help but feel a little offended by the unfriendly service.ᅲ. If I try to understand that it's because the work is so hard, I can't help but feel a little offended by the unfriendly service.ᅲ"
정하연,Okay.. It's the best.. Okay.. I don't like it.
정현경,"Healing spot at lunchtime. Rabbits live, too."
정훈,Pokemon is coming out well.. I don't like it.
제롱,"I don't really have a lot of balls, and I'm not in any condition. I was bowling and I sweated a lot. That's the worst bowling alley I've ever been to."
제리,It's so nice to have a place like this in the digital complex.
제와피,"If you've seen the evaluation, don't hesitate to go. We regretted it because we saw the rating was later on. First of all, the employee is really unkind. In addition, the cheapest drink for 3,000 won per game is soda (7,000 won). Don't be offended and throw away money."
제육덮밥,"The reasonable price, quiet atmosphere, the second floor feels private, too."
제이,I went to the pyramid with my cousin and he really enjoyed it! It was a perfect theme for a family!. I went to the pyramid with my cousin and he really enjoyed it! It was a perfect theme for a family!
제점수는요,The facility is very clean!  Observe the speaker and microphone sound!
제훈,"What a place. He told me to come, but I didn't know there was no seat, and I didn't say sorry. The worst!"
젤리젤로,It looks like you decorated the interior very well. The picture is good.
젼,"cool in summer, warm in winter, water service at a certain time, clean and refreshing. The staff is kind, and the room and the self-bar are clean. It's good to watch Netflix for free, and it's good to eat toast and ice cream. (Cup noodles are paid) It's perfect except for the soundproof ones."
조경원,"I've been to many multi-rooms in Sinchon, but M-Play is definitely the best. The facilities and the staff's service mindset are good, and I think we had a lot of fun. Recommended blank."
조광효,I modified the information.
조남범(효천),It's the best.
조민영,"a quiet, study-friendly cafe. a quiet, study-friendly cafe"
조북이,"I loved it. The boss is very kind. There's an electric pad. There was a blanket, and I was taking it easy, so I could go and rest well in the evening!"
조상은,It's clean and stuffy because it's newly opened. Playing cards until dawn
조성빈,Good facilities.. Good facilities.. The facilities are not good and the cartoons are all based on adult cartoons.
조영규,Good...
조용찬,"a ridiculously wicked price If you don't do it now, you're gonna die, or you'll just hold it in"
조용현,"The employees are so kind, and they're like family. Various programs for young people, including the most delicious coffee I've ever had. I strongly recommend it."
조원빈,"Clean, friendly staff, various food."
조원석,be old and not neat
조유진,"The staff was kind, but the delivery man of hell theme itself was not good. The device was unfriendly and the story was crude."
조융,It's the best.
조은산,No time limit is fine.
조은하루,"The facilities are so good and rock bowling is especially fun. I don't know if the ball is fluorescent or not, but it's pretty and it's for rent, but it's very clean. Shoes are clean and free socks are also a service for those who come barefoot."
조인제,It's the best.
"조진묵(David Cho, 趙珍默)",The service is good and the soundproof is good.
조현성,"You've given me a lot of service hours, and the owner is kind enough to revisit."
조현우,"Never go... It's a trashy company that doesn't cut the five-hour plan for Christmas, and if you're going to stay for five hours, you have to cut it for three hours and pay extra... I'm just upset when I'm out."
조현진 نبيل,"It looks like a new board game cafe, but the atmosphere was nice and the coffee was delicious."
조형관,"Everything about sports~~ All kinds of sports at once, but there's this cool place in the shopping center. It's very convenient to use, and I'm looking forward to meeting my friends. I strongly recommend that you have plenty of time!!!!!. Everything about sports~~ All kinds of sports at once, but there's this cool place in the shopping center. It's very convenient to use, and I'm looking forward to meeting my friends. I strongly recommend that you have plenty of time!!!!!"
조형우,It was the most fun place I've ever been to.. It was the most fun place I've ever been to.
존맛탱구리,"Food and rice wine are delicious!! But the price is a bit expensive, but it's good to go when you want makgeolli. You have a doctor to visit again!"
종워니(JW),"This place has been used as a landfill in Seoul for a long time, but I can't believe it has been transformed into a tourist destination."
종필이,The old game theme is fresh and the food tastes good. I highly recommend it.
좋운습관,It's the best.
좋은생각,"When it comes to Seoul, Han River, Han River, Han River, Han River, you don't have to try to go to the seashore, like the sea itself. Sometimes, you can think about spacing out, enjoying the sun, and running with bicycles."
주관적평가인,"If the shopkeeper here is watching this, please train the staff. I went out of the room in a good mood, but I was upset about the staff.. If the shopkeeper here is watching this, please train the staff. I went out of the room in a good mood, but I was upset about the staff."
주로,"Comic, pure, webtoon, adult, daily cartoon, fantasy, martial arts, and a large number of sections and new books. Business hours are from 9 a.m. to 12 pm. 070 7555 8722. Comic, pure, webtoon, adult, daily cartoon, fantasy, martial arts, and a large number of sections and new books. Business hours are from 9 a.m. to 12 pm. 070 7555 8722"
주민,"There's sesame in the beer. The table chair is dirty, so make sure to check and sit down.~~ And the foam you use when you're picking a beer - you're not throwing it away, you're using it again. I didn't know."
주봉,That's a good dope chicken.
주연,It was composed of friendly service and fun themes. I recommend it!. It was composed of friendly service and fun themes. I recommend it!
주재용,It's the best.
주호영,It's the best.
주환,"The ventilation in the basement was poor, so the air was bad, and after I came back, I went to the dermatologist because it was itchy and scratched. Be careful."
준ㅇ,"Shoes smell too bad, machine system error, and cheeks are not clean."
준수,You're a part-timer. You're being rude.
준치,"It's a surprise place. Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Archery, bowling, billiards, etc. stress is relieved! I'll be there again.  It's so much fun and it's a surprise.. It's a surprise place. Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Archery, bowling, billiards, etc. stress is relieved! I'll be there again.  It's so much fun and it's a surprise."
준혁,It's the best.
준호☆James or Junho,"Cotton candy is too expensive.. The air is so nice.. I like it because it's close to my house.. Brother, let's break up now.. It's delicious if you eat it here. ㅜㅜ. Let'sir.. too tight"
쥐,I love the themes that are good for beginners and the stories that fit each characteristic. Sometimes I laugh a little. LOL. I find the point attractive.
쥑쥑,"Not a single care, dirty.. Not a single care, dirty."
쥥이~️❤,"I thought you were talking from the cold bone. It's a board cafe, but they don't explain the game. Look at the manual and tell them to take care of themselves. Where are the unlimited refills? I just don't like this and that. Worst of all. I won't come back."
쥬잉,"It's the best.. Good, good, good.. I don't like it.. I don't like it.. It's the best."
쥴리,"Sky stairs are fine when you go up, but the worst when you come down. Only by forcibly summoning who designed the sky stairs up and down for half a day will it will be fixed. Sky Park is hard to get around because there are so many beautiful places or people.. If you find a way to walk, you'll be guided to the ditch, so don't wander around and go straight to the entrance of Noeul Park. The scenery is prettier and better than the sky park, but I don't know. I won't go twice. The drinks are 2,500 won, so take them in advance."
즐거운~~~,It's the best.
지구,"Except for the soundproofing, the TJ machine has good facilities and we can have enough time together. He was a male employee and he was kind."
지나가는사람,The staff is kind. I recommend Hyehwa General Store. It's fun.
지니,"The best room escape cafe in Hongdae. I strongly recommend psychometries.  I can't help the staff's business attitude, and it was okay because you explained everything you needed!. Good!!! Have fun every time you go.. The best room escape cafe in Hongdae. I strongly recommend psychometries.  I can't help the staff's business attitude, and it was okay because you explained everything you needed!. I've got seven pounds of bowling balls just for the rail.. Last fall, I took the Ja-cheol bus to the village bus and found the hoof. If I go to the entrance of the park, there's a small hill next to the bathroom. Even if the space isn't that big, I like it because it's filled with tall, pretty trees.  The park is small and pretty. I went around with Mt. Baekryeon and it was nice.  I'll visit you again as a fan even if it's far away. *^^*. The seats are smaller than I thought. The color of the bowling ball is simple.. I had lunch on Saturday, but there was no one, so I was relaxed. It was nice to have a ping-pong table and a billiard table in the waiting room. I didn't like the oiling, so it took me two rounds to adjust to the rail.ᅲ. It's a limited subway master at home, so I often take a walk. It's nice to have small but fruitful grass and trees are big and thick. Especially, the pictures taken with yellow ginkgo trees and nice streetlights in the fall look British (I'm the only one who can do that). It's a limited subway master at home, so I often take a walk. It's nice to have small but fruitful grass and trees are big and thick. Especially, the pictures taken with yellow ginkgo trees and nice streetlights in the fall look British (I'm the only one who can do that). Good!!! Have fun every time you go."
지렁이,It's the best.
지봉주,The boss is kind and has a good voice.. The boss is kind and has a good voice.
지수,Sounds like the best board game cafe near the University of Foreign Studies!. It's the best.. Sounds like the best board game cafe near the University of Foreign Studies!. It's the best.
지수♥♥,Okay.
지연,a place where you can have a drink and enjoy bowling in an exciting atmosphere.
지영지,"Next time, I want to play a game with the recommendation of the boss!!! *_*"
지예서,;
지원,It's been a while since I saw my old friend.^^. This is paradise.
지은,Slow response to the complaint.. Slow response to the complaint.
지정현,It's the best.
지종환,It's good for a walk with a dog.
지현,"Oh, to be honest, let's leave the small fan and there's no air conditioner in this weather. I've been there since the winter, but the boss seems really cheap.  I've never seen a bowling alley this hot. Since everyone next to me is hot and hot, turn on the air conditioner... No answer"
지환,0
지후니,I visited with my friends and I loved the friendly game explanation and bright cafe atmosphere. ^^
직설,"Not many balls, especially at 9-10 pounds, hard to find a hole in a woman's hole.  To say that the ball is well managed, it hurts a lot because the thumb of the bowling ball is worn out. It's more expensive than other places, but I was annoyed and told my party to hit everything and let it go."
진,Ordinary
진보!,It's well managed.. I don't like it.
진성현,All right.
진솔(은주),I saw three rabbits and they were cute. It was hard to touch the rabbit but I took a lot of pictures. It's nice. The air's nice.
진스,"What are you doing?. I went with my friends, and we all had fun.. It was nice to go in the spring when flowers bloomed! I wish I could park better."
진실된 암행어사,"In November and December, it's perfect! Beautiful silver grass leaves you with a picture of life"
진영,I want to go here again. ᅲ
진용s,"It's fun. The scenery is nice, but no.ᅲ. It's fun. The scenery is nice, but no.ᅲ"
진혀기,It's too bad. It's a place where you can only sleep.
진현일,It's the best.. It's the best.
짚시,I misread it as a salted fish park.Hahaha
짠티항,"The store is clean and the new books are well-equipped, and the food is delicious."
짱아,"Old people, dirty with lots of them."
째옹,3rd floor
쩌비,A good place for a quiet walk in the evening. a place where a moderate number of people take a walk.. A good place for a quiet walk in the evening. a place where a moderate number of people take a walk.
쩜,Latest Equipment!! Good.
쩡,There's a book in the basement. Peach.Lemonty is a tint.
쪼맨,too good. too good
쪼온,"Kimchi fried rice is especially delicious. He's been a bookstore since a long time ago, so he has a lot of books and I'm kind. Anyway, it's nice, it's wide, it's..."
쭌,Real coffee's too bad.
쮸,0
찌릿,I can't use the parking lot welfare card. Please fix it.
찡빈,"Five thousand won, five songs, Geumyoung and Taejin, both roomy, cold, remote, three rooms are not working properly."
차의현,It's the best.. It's the best.
차진빈,"Wow, the gambling place was so fresh and new! It failed, but... You're explaining it to the end. I went with my girlfriend and had fun!!"
찬,"The bowling lane is too small and bad. 6,000 won for beer is sold for 12,000 won.. I don't know how to play board games, but the staff told me right away and told me if I was confused or didn't know anything. It was my first time going there and it was fun and nice. Have fun. Oh, and I'm so happy that you helped us when we played board games and treated the woman in red who paid for us. Be kind~ I'll make sure to visit you again next time if I have time.. I came to take a rest for a while because I had some free time. The owner is so kind and comfortable. I think I fell asleep for a while. I'm doing well in recovering from fatigue.~~"
참이슬,Dolly too~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Chews!
참참참,"It is bigger than ordinary neighborhood park, but I wish there was a track. I'd like to make tracks on the land on the other side or on the fields. When you go to Boramae Park Grand Stadium, people are going around a lot. Do you think there will be no demand for the Nakseongdae-dong Movement? Get rid of all the fields and expand the park."
창규,It feels like a hideout!
창성,Wide and clean environment. Sound quality is the best. Good.^^
창옥,It's the best.
처루,It was a lot of fun.The freshness of the device room! The staff are kind and I'll come back next time.
처루빠샤!,Normal.
천상비,I really wail if that is the citizens' square.
천수,It's the best.. It's the best.
천안호구과자,"I've never been to an escape room cafe before, and it's so much fun. I'm going to go to another theme room with my friend next time."
청양고추카롱,The part-timer with long hair looks so kind and cute... (Goddess) I think the theme and the story are great!!. Sphere-
초롱언니,A small but famous celebrity didn't come...The perfect place to cheer...The other side of the screen where you can see the screen is a hill.Where it naturally became a step chair...One chu to the wall.
초밥좋아요,"I can relate to 100 percent of the comments below. Wait a minute. They said there was no guest in front of them, so I waited for more than 30 minutes. Are they giving seats to other customers? So when I asked him what he was saying, he said that the customer came first, and he looked at me somewhere else and ignored me. A man named a manager was so angry that he didn't know anything, and he just left without getting angry because he didn't know the point of what we were saying. I'm so pissed off. Never go.Folding"
초코붕어빵,It's neat.
초코홀릭,The escape room cafe is so beautiful. It was fun.
최가람,It's the best.
최경희,"It's a full-seat excavation room, so I can lie down comfortably on my back and relax.It's a real healing place.Even the food tastes good.~Taking time off!. It's a full-seat excavation room, so I can lie down comfortably on my back and relax.It's a real healing place.Even the food tastes good.~Taking time off!"
최고의 맛을 찾아서,Okay.
최귀남,"If you use board game for more than 2 hours for 1 hour and 2,000 won for 1 hour and 3,000 won for 2 hours or more, you can get 1,000 won discount for 3 hours or more. Drinks are 2,000 won discounted for smoking rooms (card games, etc.) per person for one hour and 3,000 won.. If you use board game for more than 2 hours for 1 hour and 2,000 won for 1 hour and 3,000 won for 2 hours or more, you can get 1,000 won discount for 3 hours or more. Drinks are 2,000 won discounted for smoking rooms (card games, etc.) per person for one hour and 3,000 won."
최규원,It's the best.
최동기,"There are a lot of room escapees in Hongdae, but this place is the most immersive and kind, so I had so much fun. LOL. There are a lot of room escapees in Hongdae, but this place is the most immersive and kind, so I had so much fun. LOL. There are a lot of themes and I'm so into it, so I'll have to come here again when I come to Daehakro.LOL. There are a lot of themes and I'm so into it, so I'll have to come here again when I come to Daehakro.LOL"
최림,It's the best.
최명진,"It was neat and the atmosphere was cute and pretty.  I've been to another Mr. Healing, but the store was cleaner and the boss was kind. I got Pepero as a present because it's Pepero Day. It would be nice to have a date course, but it would be nice to have a comfortable time with your parents."
최민지,"Oh! It's so neat and nice! I went in, and the space was huge, and the tea and coffee were unlimited refills!!!!!!!!!!! I love the smell all over the store. :) I'm going to write a report with my friend and chat with him/her!"
최선을다하는사람,It's hard to find an old comic book network like here in Eunpyeong-gu. ^^ There are a lot of books and you have good manners. 너^ I strongly recommend you. ^^
최성민,Where you're going to get hit! Where peace of mind comes from!
최성찬,"It's good to bring some snacks from outside, and the boss kindly explains it's good."
최송현,"I don't think it's been long since I got here, but the staff always welcomed me with a smile, and explained the game so seriously and kindly that I didn't know how to explain it, so I went on a comfortable date like going to my friend's house. If I have another appointment in Sinchon, 1000% of the doctors will visit again.  It was a pleasant visit because there were various kinds of board games and drinks."
최승훈,Staff very very very very unkind. Who's the boss? You don't manage your staff?  a place where you will never come again
최승희,Bite me on the ceiling in room 21. ᅲᅲᅲ
최시온(Zion),Wtf is wrong w this place it 7000 per game and they make u pay a 2500 fee for bowing shoes. All u ppl that dnt knw the normal price dnt go here. It's normal 4000 for a game and ive never been before to be.
최시준,I love the whiteboard walls!I had the beam and everything I needed. I'm going to use it.
최영준,⏺⏹⏏⏯◀⏪⏮⏫⏬⏸▶⏩⏭. ⏺⏹⏏⏯◀⏪⏮⏫⏬⏸▶⏩⏭
최예나,It's the best.. It's the best.
최예림,"I came here after getting recommendations from my Bang Tal Mania friends, and even though I didn't know how to get a discount, my part-timers kindly told me how to get a discount, so I got more than 10,000 won discount and played a game with a great price. It's such a kind store, so I'm here to leave a review; why is it so bad? Or was it just the day I went to the torture room, but I couldn't solve it well because of fear, but I came out so satisfied with the difficulty, the interior, the device, the lock rate, the fun, and I'm going to the next series, the factory, to challenge.+_+Collapse"
최요한,It's the best.
최우성,Zolzamme
최유선,"The worst bowling alley I've ever been to. A female part-timer who comes and asks questions as if she is questioning how many games she will play when the number of group customers increases, even though she doesn't have a pre-payment system or a limit on the number of games. I'm protesting. Then go to another bowling alley."
최윤영,It's the best.
최은규,"I haven't been there for a while, but the owner has changed, so the service is better and delicious."
최은별,The staff was very kind and it was a good place to date!
최재혁,It's good to get refreshed on weekdays.. It's good to get refreshed on weekdays.
최정규(Jaykay),It's good to drink beer.
최정삼 designw,"It's a convenient place for transportation, so it's a good place to gather many people. The boss is very kind, too.. It's a convenient place for transportation, so it's a good place to gather many people. The boss is very kind, too."
최종주,Normal.
최준혁,I'm here with my girlfriend and she says it's clean and cost-effective. Hah!
최현승,"Six songs for 1,000 won at lunchtime."
최혜,"It's https://www.facebook.com/groups/koreabartendersforum/permalink/2475057379387985/ where the employee assault video was posted, and I don't think I'll ever go there again, and I hope the legal punishment is properly applied."
최호진,I had a great time because of the good facilities.
최홍기,Okay.
춈춈,"The staff was so kind that I felt good. Maybe it's because I roasting the beans myself, but it was great because the scent was spread out inside the cafe. It was nice because there was a separate bathroom, so I didn't have to go outside. And the atmosphere was so calm. The music was great, and most of all, the coffee is really good. Hand drip coffee allows you to choose your own beans and refills them for free. I was so satisfied.. I think it would be good for women who can't drink soju. The atmosphere is cute and I can play board games. And it was really like a friend's house to fit the name of the store. But it's a little small, so up to three people are fine, but I think it's a little too much for more than that. It's a little sad, but I think it's good for couples to go on a date."
추,Don't go if you can...I'm stressed out because you're secretly watching what you're doing.ᅮᄏᄏᄏᄏ
추승윤,"It is possible to change the 1,000 won bill to 500 won at the counter, and the price of coin karaoke, which argues that the 100 won bill cannot be changed to 500 won, is also Chang-ryeol."
추운 베니,Chosun chicken cheese is very sweet. I can't eat it because I'm afraid my tongue will melt. What kind of cheese did you use? The oil is just... I'm just a flat... Honey Makgeolli is delicious and daughter Makgeolli is more delicious! Go eat makgeolli instead of snacks! Just rice wine! I took a good picture and it came out delicious.
춘심,You're crazy about your part-time job.. You're crazy about your part-time job.
출발,The staff is very kind and they explain very well. It was so nice because the seats weren't all stuck together and it was like a cafe. I strongly recommend it.. The staff is very kind and they explain very well. It was so nice because the seats weren't all stuck together and it was like a cafe. I strongly recommend it.
츄,Good
츠츠3,"I went there with my boyfriend and it's so much fun! I strongly recommend it!. I went there with my boyfriend and it's so much fun! I strongly recommend it!. I went out to meet my boyfriend, and I was worried that it would be difficult. But you taught me well, so I made a pretty ring. Thank you."
카르르르,"extremely unkind, whether president or male employee I'm so upset that I won't come back.. extremely unkind, whether president or male employee I'm so upset that I won't come back."
카맵 전문모험가,"I'm glad the staff is kind and the rails are short, so they're for beginners.By the way, last time I went there, there was a mechanical error on the 6th rail, so all the pins were down and the scoreboard was all mixed up. If you want to go, please refer to it."
카스트로폴로스,It's a little disappointing.
카주,"I went to other places for a test, and I should have waited for 30 minutes."
카카오러,"Parking lot, small... The amount of garbage is ᄃᄃᄃ"
카카카,"I've been drinking all the time, but I can't believe there was such a new world! It's a perfect place for a group dinner. Bowling is so fun."
카틀레야,I went there by chance after surfing the Internet and it is really interesting.It's the most interesting place I've ever done. You should try it!!!
카페라떼마시고싶다,"Give me 30,000 won and go to anyone who wants to feel bad.I don't know if you just take good care of me. If I really think I'll see better, I just wasted time and money.It's too easy to make money, right?Hahaha"
카페메니아,"It is similar in size to other comic book cafes in Gangseo-gu, but it is a bit of a shame that it is clean. At first, I thought it was because it just opened. It's the same after nearly six months...Not many books..... It is similar in size to other comic book cafes in Gangseo-gu, but it is a bit of a shame that it is clean. At first, I thought it was because it just opened. It's the same after nearly six months...Not many books...."
카페모카,Okay.. 0
칼있으마,Hot! Hot! Hot!!  The bowling alley is really big and the board game is totally free when you wait. And the darts.  Archery!! Real archery...  Times Square became more interesting.. Hot! Hot! Hot!!  The bowling alley is really big and the board game is totally free when you wait. And the darts.  Archery!! Real archery...  Times Square became more interesting.
커피,It was nice of you to let go of the massage machine.Yo~
컨슈머,"There are two part-timer women and they arrived 10 minutes ago, but they can't wait. I was told to wait outside, so I was shaking outside on a cold day; I couldn't sit down even though there was a seat. --. There are two part-timer women and they arrived 10 minutes ago, but they can't wait. I was told to wait outside, so I was shaking outside on a cold day; I couldn't sit down even though there was a seat. --"
켄타쿤,"I don't like my room. I don't like my speakers and keyboard mouse. The price is similar to other places and the service is similar, but you're talking like you're doing a service without any other service."
코끼리는뿌우뿌우,"I joined a bowling club this time and it's so much fun to go here.The president of the club said that the lane is good and the facilities are good!  I'm not good at bowling, but it's so much fun. Everyone was carrying their own ball. I'm still a beginner, so I'm using this one. It's nice!"
코롱맨,I didn't know there was such a place in Yeongdeungpo's best shopping center.It's neat and well-equipped.Archery is so fun and similar to actual archery... I will use it often from now on.. I didn't know there was such a place in Yeongdeungpo's best shopping center.It's neat and well-equipped.Archery is so fun and similar to actual archery... I will use it often from now on.
코쿠스,0
콘콘,"I went to Daehakro this time and tried it with my friends. It's so much fun. I was worried at first, but now I'm addicted to it."
콩이,"It's a four-star room, but it's so hard to force it~~~ You have to use the lantern from beginning to end ^^ Because there's no other device at all.. It's a four-star room, but it's so hard to force it~~~ You have to use the lantern from beginning to end ^^ Because there's no other device at all."
쿠쿠하세요,"Maybe it's because there's no bowling alley around here, but the service mind... maybe it's because there's a lot of people in the Angam bowling club again, so I've been waiting for two hours."
쿡펜킹,"I played with my girlfriend at Konkuk University and went to the room escape cafe for the first time. It was fun without knowing the time went by! It's my first time... Because of his pride, pheromone? I did a hard one. I think it's just the part-timers. Next time, I'm going to record an easier version. It's so much fun! I'll be back next time!"
크로스~^^,It's the best.
크림픽시,"I went to the escape room with my friends. The story here is interesting.I filmed a comedy with my friends.LOL. It's my first time using it, but you kindly gave me your name.It's nice that the facilities are clean overall.I laughed a lot with my wife.LOL. Since I live in Hongdae, I sometimes go to escape rooms, but the facilities were clean and explained well, so I had a lot of course!Good good. I went to the escape room with my friends. The story here is interesting.I filmed a comedy with my friends.LOL. I've been around Daehak-ro a lot, but I didn't know there was such a fun room escape cafe in Hongdae. I'm having so much fun!Good good. I've been around Daehak-ro a lot, but I didn't know there was such a fun room escape cafe in Hongdae. I'm having so much fun!Good good"
크어먼요,Make sure to order cheese kimchi fried rice~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ a place to go for a little meal
크크크,"There are many types of games, and they recommended and explained board games well. There is no separate room, but it is open like a regular cafe!"
클라우,"The facilities are good and the lane is well maintained.. Never take my ball. Floor finish not flat. No oil zone. I've never seen a bowling alley like this in an unmanaged state since 1999, and it's amazing. It's a waste of time.. The facilities are good and the rain maintenance oil zone dry zone is good. I don't know if the machine room staff is outsourced, but it doesn't recover quickly even though several lanes are broken.. The facilities are good and the rain maintenance oil zone dry zone is good. I don't know if the machine room staff is outsourced, but it doesn't recover quickly even though several lanes are broken."
키세스,"I went to the counter, there was no staff, and I was waiting for people to return their shoes, but no one came. There's a lot of new people coming in. I'm on business for a while. I'll be right back. Is it just unmanned bowling without a note like that?"
키이라,"These days, the weather is so nice to take a walk.. I can't believe there's a place like this in Seoul! Bigger than I thought.. There are missions hidden here and there by anonymous agents. Must do it all. (Laughs). Hongdae entrance is close to an outdoor beer house, but don't give up and walk to Gajwa Station. Much better. Do we have to go any further? Do I really have to go further? You should go until you do.. There are benches, simple exercise equipment, and public restrooms. Watching local babies come and play and digest the food they ate full. But there's a seed oil right in front of us, so we ate another ice cream.. Yongtral Park Pretty Yong Yong Yong. There are missions hidden here and there by anonymous agents. Must do it all. (Laughs)"
키키키,It's the best.
킬러쥴,Mushroom guobaorou and Jirim vegan vegetables maratang and vegetarian maraxianguo...I love it.
킴돌이,It's neat and nice.
타레,Okay.
타르트,Baekiljang Holy Land of Seocho-gu Schools
태,"The part-timer is so unfriendly. I made a reservation, but I was explaining, and the customer who didn't make a reservation went to get money, so I didn't come back for a while, and he just asked me if I read the game explanation book, and he didn't say anything about the game. I don't think it's here.. If you don't order quickly, you have to leave.. There are too few part-timers. unkindness. There are too few part-timers. unkindness. The part-timer is so unfriendly. I made a reservation, but I was explaining, and the customer who didn't make a reservation went to get money, so I didn't come back for a while, and he just asked me if I read the game explanation book, and he didn't say anything about the game. I don't think it's here."
태언,"Coffee, song, atmosphere...☆"
태영,The Namsan Tower.
태찌,Normal.
탱,"I think it's the best around Wolgok Station. The facilities are clean, the sound quality of the microphone is good, and most of all, the lady is very kind. I went alone at night, and without saying anything, please add a song and welcome me with a smile!!!!!!!"
탱이,This is the best tea man in the world around here and there.
탱탱,It's the best.. It's the best.. It's the best.
테이,"The store is clean and cheap, so it's really good for your time.. The store is clean and cheap, so it's really good for your time."
토깽이,"More than 30,000 books, including a cheap fare system and a cave room for comfortable sofa couples."
토닥토닥,"Wow~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~! The boss is kind too. He explains it very well. I've been to other places.I'm gonna have to come over here now.~~~ I ordered coffee, and it's so fragrant that I'm going to enjoy it~~~ I'll be back for healing next time.~~~"
토리,"I had a high fear, but I wasn't afraid."
토마토,It's a waste of numbers!!!!!
토토로,This is a forest created by the D.C. Inside Sungkyung Gallery to celebrate the 15th anniversary of Sung Si-kyung's debut. Good night:) This first was made to Celibrate the 15th Anniversary of Sung Si-kyung's debut by DC inside SSK Gallery. Jal ja la yo :)
트렌드세터,I don't want to waste a single thing.
트롤리,"It's very expensive. He's not feeling well and he can't drink, so he needs a drink per person. They say no coke. I didn't like the ball I picked up on some asphalt. If you want to go, go somewhere else."
트리,a lovely and pleasant place
파니니,"It was really clean and the boss was kind, so I liked it:-) The waiting was long because it was Friday, so I needed to wait."
판다,"It's clean, it's nice, but the part-timers are really bad. I don't know if it's a part-timer or a boss, but...But it's a place to read books. It's so noisy.. It's clean, it's nice, but the part-timers are really bad. I don't know if it's a part-timer or a boss, but...But it's a place to read books. It's so noisy."
팬케이크,It was very quiet and nice to go on weekdays. But I don't have enough books... The smallest forest I've ever been to.
펭수러버,0
평가봇,"All the rental shops are gone these days, but they keep on renting here, so I use them often. Thank you for being the life of the examinee."
평가자,Not really.
평점가,"Normal.. Shiba dog is so cute. But Americano is 6,000 won.. Shiba dog is so cute. But Americano is 6,000 won.. Normal."
포드,"I went to see a movie and went up to the bowling alley, so I went up and found that the facilities are wide, clean, and nice.  There were a lot of people, so while we were waiting, there were archery and billiards, so we could spend time doing other things, and there were free pocketball and board games, so there was no inconvenience. It's a date course!. I went to see a movie and went up to the bowling alley, so I went up and found that the facilities are wide, clean, and nice.  There were a lot of people, so while we were waiting, there were archery and billiards, so we could spend time doing other things, and there were free pocketball and board games, so there was no inconvenience. It's a date course!"
포투,"The atmosphere is good, the cooking is delicious, and your hands are busy because it's a one-man bar, but the boss is kind and has no shortcomings."
포티노,It's the best.
폭시폭시베이베,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
폴인럽,"Maybe I'm stupid because it's hard. LOL. Failed to escape.. I was really looking forward to it, but the theme was so fun and nice."
표창환,Much better than the next store. Much better than the next store
푸른하늘,It's clean and comfortable. And the service is the best~~~~~~
풋사과냥,"The boss changed it from 1,000 won to three songs. When the boss was there, he gave me one or two songs for free, so I often went there. The facilities were very clean and the equipment was changed into new ones."
프라미스키퍼,"I'd like to give you a zero here. They said they won't accept cash receipts from group customers to steal money!!! Somebody please report it. I think we should look into this. The reservation customer wants 12,000 won for two games.He's a thief."
프로볼러,A bowling alley where experience groups are mobilized to promote blogs!! Worst service!! Don't trust the blog reviews.........
프로평가조류,"There is a senior citizen center next to it and a pavilion next to it. All the people who chat with each other are the owners of the building.. Two thousand wons and very good facilities. You'd better go at night to sober up.. Yeah, just pretend it never happened——I went on a weekday morning and it was very nice to track down the rain.. The facilities are pretty good."
프로혼밥러,"There are only about 10 old and large comic books and no back pages. The same goes for famous films such as Inuyasha. You can only read the latest book when you are in the original version of ""Wonnable. I asked the owner and he said it's out of stock. Then it's harder to get the front ticket, so I'm making a ridiculous excuse."
피닉스,"It's not a room cafe, but a real book cafe!"
피터,"I went bowling with my family recently, but there were no seats available.  It's Saturday, and the boss isn't nice. / And the Chinese restaurant right in front of us is closed. I don't want to go back because I'm upset, but there's a lot of other good places."
핑슐랭가이드,The staff were nice and full! I'm all set except for the sausage.. I love this place. ᅮᅮᅮ 사랑 사랑 I love you
하,We're repairing the inside.. We're repairing the inside.. We're repairing the inside.
하늘,"Neat, comfortable, drinks, and dishes are all delicious!"
하늘정원,"I'm not good at drinking, but when I want to go alone and have a drink, I enjoyed talking with the boss over a cocktail. It's a great place to have fun with friends and darts and board games. It's good to choose a song, and it's good to take pictures with a lot of care. I think I'll go often. You should definitely go there."
하람이,I like free bowling.
하루,That's great! Board games are free! It's a nice atmosphere is nice.
하루글라라,It's the best.
하성희,best scenery
하야부사,Matiz's dog is very cute.
하연,"Worst unlimited cocktail bar I've ever seen. Only female cocktail makers wear masks and serving staff don't wear masks-- Besides, one of the serving staff has a fever, but I don't know why he came to work. He doesn't use a Mezzer cup when making cocktails, and he doesn't use his cell phone to make them as much as he wants, so they don't taste bad and use them.. Worst unlimited cocktail bar I've ever seen. Only female cocktail makers wear masks and serving staff don't wear masks-- Besides, one of the serving staff has a fever, but I don't know why he came to work. He doesn't use a Mezzer cup when making cocktails, and he doesn't use his cell phone to make them as much as he wants, so they don't taste bad and use them."
하영,"I was dazed by the atmosphere without realizing it, and my friend who came with me hit me with a slap."
하영국,It's normal.
하재원,The current time is 12:37 p.m. before the opening.
하쿠나,"Well, it was just a game, but it was okay to waste time.. Well, it was just a game, but it was okay to waste time."
하하,It's the best.
한국수력원자력,(former)where Wauapat was.
한규식,"What a waste of even one point! You really don't take care of the lane, you don't take care of the ball, you don't have any part-time jobs. Lane's short and seats are cramped. Don't go."
한님,It's the best.
한다돌,"It's a place I go with my boyfriend often. There are many books that are different from cafes. I actually go to see a comic book called Crayon Shinzzang, but ^ ^ Hehehehehehehehe heals me for a drink~~~~~ Shooting at a healing spot~. It's a place I go with my boyfriend often. There are many books that are different from cafes. I actually go to see a comic book called Crayon Shinzzang, but ^ ^ Hehehehehehehehe heals me for a drink~~~~~ Shooting at a healing spot~"
한다영,"I went to an exotic cafe other than a cafe where I only drink coffee with my boyfriend. I didn't know time went by, so I think I had a good time on the date.I'm leaving a comment about how satisfied I was."
한덕호,The rails are terrible. It's good to play without score.
한도훈,It's the best.
한동원,Coin singing room where customers of the store stand out with the differentiated management philosophy of the president. Coin singing room where customers of the store stand out with the differentiated management philosophy of the president
한선규,Okay.
한수동,"I happened to go to Times Square and had a lot of fun. I went shopping, bowling, and archery. Archery is really good. It feels like I'm a player.. I happened to go to Times Square and had a lot of fun. I went shopping, bowling, and archery. Archery is really good. It feels like I'm a player."
한아름,0
한장희,Exercise + Walk
한주희,"The expensive and tasteless drinks don't explain the game. It says you'll get an extra charge even after a minute of unkindness, but when I try to pay, you don't come to the bathroom.. Don't be fooled into saying 1,500 won an hour."
한효선,Heesooya Hyosun Wangkatsu Ssangmun 1-line Bunge. Heesooya Hyosun Wangkatsu Ssangmun 1-line Bunge
할로,0
할배,You did a great job on the flower road. Good work.
해나,The boss is kind and I like that he cleans up every time a customer leaves.. The boss is kind and I like that he cleans up every time a customer leaves.
해당화,a hidden attraction
해정,This is the company. Never go.
해진,"The bathroom was clean and there was a smoking booth, so I liked it. The rabokki was delicious."
해피콩,It's good to be able to relax.^^bb cafe is neat and the owners are kind.  The massage chair is so nice. The effects are great! There are various drinks and especially the tea is luxurious.  Where else do you want to go? I strongly recommend!!!
햄,Even a single star is a waste. The facilities are so backward and it looks like bugs are coming out of the web. I won't go again.
햇님,"The part-timer was really nice and took good care of me, so I enjoyed watching it!! I like comic cafes, but I think I'll come often.^^"
행복가득,"A system that gives you 5 songs by adding 2 songs for 500 won and 1 song for 1000 won is good. I haven't been to another coin karaoke nearby, but I think it's good for the same price. However, I think the management is too poor in many ways. Among the few rooms, the big room you see as soon as you enter the entrance is a microphone, accompaniment, and no sound at all. The last room right in front of the bathroom is completely off. The sound of the microphone is delayed in the large room inside, and the sound is interrupted in between due to poor contact with the microphone wires. I haven't been to the other rooms yet, but I think they'll be similar. It would be better if you could repair the repairs quickly and take better care of them.Folding"
허남열,It's the best.
허스키,"Dirty and unmanageable. Many high school students, who are food hot springs and garbage dumps, almost bumped into each other on a tray.  I think the owner is unfriendly.. The microphones in every room are a mess. Even if you lower the echo, it's the worst because it's humming. Besides, Mike stinks badly. The room size is seriously small. All the nearby thiopycos are the worst, including the acid, the molar, the blight, and the green.. The microphones in every room are a mess. Even if you lower the echo, it's the worst because it's humming. Besides, Mike stinks badly. The room size is seriously small. All the nearby thiopycos are the worst, including the acid, the molar, the blight, and the green."
허승우,It's the best.
허용구,Okay.
허윤영,"Totally my taste!!!As soon as I got in, it was a whole new world!   The staff members were so kind, and there were so many different types of coffee and tea, so it was great!!"
허창녕,"The comment above says, ""Why do you keep putting the ball in the machine?"" But after taking the ball out, there's a 10-pound ball that I didn't even bring. I didn't apologize a word and looked down on my face."
헐,"I ordered 15,000 won worth of beer and got kicked out before I finished drinking it."
헤도네,The facilities are great and the staff are so kind!^^
헤렐,"If it's a little loud, he's gonna...It's not a cartoon cafe. You want to be quiet at the library level."
헤헤,Good! It's a little worn out.
혀에몰빵,You're smiling and kind.
혁,"It's too loud, it's too greasy, it's too short, it's too narrow. Don't go."
혁명,Cocktail descriptions are misogynistic
혁신을 통한 지속성장!!!,"The staff were kind. I couldn't solve all the problems, but you explained it in detail at the end and solved it, so I came out after seeing a great ending. The Gangnam branch of Mystery Room had a higher ratio of electronic devices than mechanical locks, so children were very interested. I was satisfied."
현,"The worst female part-timer is unfriendly and very poor at explaining, and if she's just offended by the money she's paid, she won't want to go back to the building.. The worst female part-timer is unfriendly and very poor at explaining, and if she's just offended by the money she's paid, she won't want to go back to the building.. The worst female part-timer is unfriendly and very poor at explaining, and if she's just offended by the money she's paid, she won't want to go back to the building."
현규,(Bowling Price Information) 3600 per game for the general public. It's clean and nice.. It's clean and nice.
현민,"Karaoke is good, but blog review pictures are all the same."
현선,It's a little disappointing.. It's a little disappointing.
현정이,"Personally, it seems like the forest is the best, so I often use it. I stayed all day long every time I went there.. Personally, it seems like the forest is the best, so I often use it. I stayed all day long every time I went there."
현주,"The atmosphere is good and everything is good, but the music is so loud that my ears ring when I sit outside."
현지 hj gabi keem,"Hygiene is so bad. Last time, I was eating malatang here, and I was shocked because of the curly hair.  It was more shocking because I went there often."
현지훈,"It opens at 9:30 and closes at 5:30. If you're going to see the building and the big wall, you should refer to the time!! The park itself is 24 hours a day.  Monday is a holiday. Be careful when you make your schedule.  Go down to the right, go to an exhibition hall, and if you go inside, you'll find a staircase on the right that go down. If you go down the stairs, you can see the building."
혜숙,It's the best.. It's the best.
혜진,The part-timer here is very rude.. The part-timer here is very rude.
호두과자,It's a little disappointing.
호로록,It's good to see you've changed.  There were a lot of old comic books. It was good.
호모루덴스,"It's good to sit tight and relax. Tteokbokki was more delicious than I thought and the coffee taste was very disappointing. However, among the comic books that have been circulating here and there, it is less fun to read various comic books than to retrieve old works like treasures from time to time. Without this, it's not a comic book store; there are things that do. The bathroom is upstairs, so it's a little uncomfortable.. It was the first place I ran to after the exam. I really wanted to play the recorder and hit the kkwaenggwari someday... I haven't been there since I changed to Mangaba. When I went to class after vacation, I felt like I saw a friend playing with other people except me."
호이,"Boss, no service mind. Unkind. Go somewhere else.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~"
호잇,"The boss was so kind that I gave you 5 points. I think the location should be regarded as Children's Grand Park rather than Konkuk University, but the price is much cheaper than other stores. The level is higher than others.Nayoung. The boss was so kind that I gave you 5 points. I think the location should be regarded as Children's Grand Park rather than Konkuk University, but the price is much cheaper than other stores. The level is higher than others.Nayoung"
혼행족,It's a little disappointing.. It's a little disappointing.
홈밀크,"I went to the multi-room to rest for a while, and I rested really comfortably. I played games because I was bored. It was so fun, the facilities were good, the snack bar was delicious, and I think I will visit there often.Ayo"
홉,"Mrs. Owner, you are so kind. I really want to be a regular."
홍,It's a little disappointing.. Normal.
홍석,I don't like it.. I don't like it.
홍세나,0. 0
홍수미♡시원*리원,It sucks.. It sucks.
홍우승,"The facilities are so clean, keep the service down, boss?Part-timer? I've seen you take care of your students, and you seem to have a lot of benefits if you're a regular."
홍익인간,a rest area in the city center
홍지영,"There are many kinds of board games, and like a Korean restaurant, board game friends are arranged neatly. It is a great place where part-timers are also full of board games and have a Mensa recommendation game series. A place where you spend all your money playing around when the price is low.. There are many kinds of board games, and like a Korean restaurant, board game friends are arranged neatly. It is a great place where part-timers are also full of board games and have a Mensa recommendation game series. A place where you spend all your money playing around when the price is low."
화수분,"Come to Yeouido World Night Market, Seoul Night Goblin Night Market, which runs from March 30th to Friday, 18:00 to 23:00, and recharge your energy.Our potted water provides deep art experience.Deep Art is a craft that can express objects such as imaginary flowers in three dimensions with wires and dip fluids through repetition and change of patterns. http://blog.naver. com/dipartcom"
황경민,"They're not coming out of the room, they're having a lot of fun, so it's been a while since we've had a good time together."
황광석,"Unlike anywhere else, Storia puzzles are closely connected and the interior is great. Haha"
황다원,"There was no place to put in Jamsil, but it was fun to play board games after a long time and there were a lot of games.. There was no place to put in Jamsil, but it was fun to play board games after a long time and there were a lot of games."
황승준,"Thanks to a kind part-timer, I had a great weekend morning.^^. Thanks to a kind part-timer, I had a great weekend morning.^^"
황영주,"I've been to a lot of escape rooms in Seoul, and it was definitely the worst.  The part-timers were unkind and I couldn't concentrate because of the sound of the room.  The room was not fun and the difficulty level was bad, but the staff members were unkind, so it wasn't fun.. I've been to a lot of escape rooms in Seoul, and it was definitely the worst.  The part-timers were unkind and I couldn't concentrate because of the sound of the room.  The room was not fun and the difficulty level was bad, but the staff members were unkind, so it wasn't fun.. I've been to a lot of escape rooms in Seoul, and it was definitely the worst.  The part-timers were unkind and I couldn't concentrate because of the sound of the room.  The room was not fun and the difficulty level was bad, but the staff members were unkind, so it wasn't fun."
황용하,It's the best.
황은진,"I like Mr. Nam. I'm surprised you're saying such bad things. I'd have to wait a long time for a drink, but I didn't care much care. Haha"
황인용,The staff is really unkind.. The staff is really unkind.
황정빈,It's the best.
황정태,It's all good.. It's all good.
황지호,"Good, good, good, good."
효기,I like beer.
효연,It's the best.
효현동,Thank you for having such a large forest in Seoul. There's nothing to see or see. It's good to have so many trees.
횰,"I did something simple here, but it was the smallest and least quality escape room in history.  It's like he just made a room escape from his own house."
후기,"I left the two-finger's exterior ball to Jigong, but he laughed as if he was being generous, saying he would pay 60,000 won for it. There was a little unkindness when I called, but it was a place I used to visit often because it was close, but I never went to with my friends after that.... 0"
후기로 세상을 이롭게,"It was always good, but you can put the game console in and go somewhere else to make a lot of noise. Go somewhere else. There are many other comic book stores around here."
후라쉬맨,http://blog.naver.com/manwawalking Hwagok Station Exit 1.
후후훙,"First of all, it wasn't clean, and there was a lot of food that ᅲ. First of all, it wasn't clean, and there was a lot of food that ᅲ"
훈,Microphone without echo
훗,It's in the eastern market. Sometimes I go with my friends.. It's in the eastern market. Sometimes I go with my friends.
휫,"It's the first time I've been there, and it's expensive, and there's no answer, and the land price, and Kurten, the soundproofing, the sanitation, the part-timers are unfriendly.ᅮ-ᅮᅮᅮ. It's the first time I've been there, and it's expensive, and there's no answer, and the land price, and Kurten, the soundproofing, the sanitation, the part-timers are unfriendly.ᅮ-ᅮᅮᅮ. It's the first time I've been there, and it's expensive, and there's no answer, and the land price, and Kurten, the soundproofing, the sanitation, the part-timers are unfriendly.ᅮ-ᅮᅮᅮ"
휴,"It's four songs at 1,000 won, but it's one song at 500 won. In the room, mic shells and trash are scattered on the table to see if there's no cleaning at all. No matter whether part-timer comes in or out, he doesn't care."
휸,Facility worst... ...
흥칫,"It's the least fun place I've ever been to... I heard that the automatic device is 80 percent, and that's not it. I don't know if it's because there's no one working, but even if I ask for a hint, they don't respond right away. It was even dark, so there was no problem, and there was an operational error.  It's not a place to look forward to. It was close to money.. It's the least fun place I've ever been to... I heard that the automatic device is 80 percent, and that's not it. I don't know if it's because there's no one working, but even if I ask for a hint, they don't respond right away. It was even dark, so there was no problem, and there was an operational error.  It's not a place to look forward to. It was close to money."
희,"The atmosphere is nice. I have a dog in the cafe, but it doesn't smell. It's comfortable~. It's good to come alone and with friends.. It's neat and the facilities are satisfactory. There's a separate smoking area.. The atmosphere is nice. I have a dog in the cafe, but it doesn't smell. It's comfortable~"
희정,"If you take it to play board games, they'll take it from you and take it away. But he doesn't look at me or bring it to me. They say the explanation is limited if you use an unlimited rate system, but it's not limited, it's not at all. There are many board game cafes in Gangnam, so I don't know if I have to go here. I felt very bad. I don't think I'll ever go again."
힘하면접니다,It's the best.
𝐳𝐞𝐫𝐨,"It's cheap, clean, and good. I always go here.. It's cheap, clean, and good. I always go here."
"🌲건강 이 최고 ,","I saw the picture of you who have never been to the military, and you have changed your mind. around 1965 when I was in the army. I saw the picture of you who have never been to the military, and you have changed your mind. around 1965 when I was in the army"
🍇진아🍇,"The water was really cool and nice, but there are so many things that go well with drinking water. So I'm really sad about that."
🍓,Memories ᅲᅲ
🍛뚱카🍛,"When bowling in Myeong-dong ~24:00. Bowling on the 1st basement floor of Nol Forest in front of Seongdae, going to Olive Young on the 1st floor, and eating malatang on the 2nd floor and going to Nol Forest, you'll see honey.. The first floor feels like players and clubs, while the second basement feels like rock bowling and playing. Broad and staff friendly.. The atmosphere of the rock bowling alley between Jongno 2-ga and Jonggak is good, and the music is...I don't know what's good, but the loud one that goes well with the rock bowling alley. We need to order drinks per person and the price is a little high. If it's three of us, we'll order a simple snack and it'll cost about 80,000 won for two games. You need to win the bet."
🍡,"Sound and facilities are the best nearby, but the staff... Yeah, that's what I'm trying to teach you."
🍰,"It's a restful story, but it's a place where you can talk so loud that you can't rest."
🐶,"The atmosphere was so nice and the panini was really delicious!. It's cheap, delicious, and the atmosphere is nice."
👀,"The view is nice, but the cafe is not the worst, expensive, and abandoned."
👐,"The facilities are good and everything is good, but my eyes hurt because the lighting is too dark. And the music is so loud that it's a little distracting.ᅲᅲ. The facilities are good and everything is good, but my eyes hurt because the lighting is too dark. And the music is so loud that it's a little distracting.ᅲᅲ"
💋승권sk짱💋,a scenic spot
💗🐬✨🍓💫🦄💜🌙🌸,It was nice. It was pretty nice. But it's still cheap.
💜,There are a lot of books and the staff is kind.It's good to go in and rest when it's hot!. There are a lot of books and the staff is kind.It's good to go in and rest when it's hot!. There are a lot of books and the staff is kind.It's good to go in and rest when it's hot!
💟,Cafés are so cute and cute. Meringue ice chocolate is delicious too.. I don't know if it's a guy or a guy. Don't be so aggressive with your way of talking.^^. I don't know if it's a guy or a guy. Don't be so aggressive with your way of talking.^^
🕵🏻‍♀️,"It's the best.. Unkind part-time job, lots of comic books. Modern times are so comfortable. Three points.. I wasn't as busy as I thought.. When I went to Saturday, I did a live performance, but after paying, I saw the receipt and they didn't say anything.The taste of cocktails varies depending on the bartender. The cocktails were all bad when I went there.When I first went there, the one that the woman who dyed her hair or someone else did was delicious.. It's the best."
😀,It's the best.
😂,Not many comic books. The room is narrow and inconvenient.
😋,"Good to take a walk. The boss, who seems to have had a lot of helium gas, greets me in a friendly and humorous way. It's soft because there's a mat on the seat. The boss is so kind that I want to come back later."
😎,"There are so few books that I can't believe and the price of an expensive seat... People who like Simpson are worth visiting! Look at the interior, take a picture, but I don't think I'll go twice."
😗,Seoul Mayor Lee Myung-bak's work.
🙂,It was nice of you to explain. The price of the drink is reasonable.. Okay.. Normal.. It's the best.. It's the best.
🙈,It's getting tasteless.. It's a little dirty...
🥀,"Service: Indiscreet and unguarded. Throw the menu and finish. Basically, you seem to be looking at the user the same way: dirty and very close to the table.  Cocktail: something that is only gargle, liqueur. I feel like I can do this much even if I make it.  I'd rather drink a Coke and get out of here than pay a 1.5 price. I'd 20...To see more details"
🥑,It's the best.
